 Austen Earl & Sebastian Maniscalco Depth of Field / Lionsgate / Levity / UTA A small prop plane taxis toward the runway. It’s a serene scene, with a beautiful mountainous backdrop, until... SEBASTIAN bursts from the airport, sprinting to the plane. Two overweight TSA OFFICERS chase after him, calling out: As they lumber after him, we hear Sebastian in Voice Over... The TSA Officers double over with cramps. One starts to dry heave as Sebastian races ahead, heading off the plane. The plane grinds to a halt. The door opens and lowers to the ground, but before we see who’s getting off, we hear... Sinatra music swells, as we see the following traditional Italian menu course appear on a title card over black... We lift high out of this airport scene into “Google Earth” imagery, as Sebastian begins his tale... We cross the Atlantic, then push in toward the map of Italy. We show footage of the following real life catastrophes... ...ending with slo-mo close-ups of Italian men’s beachwear. We show actual video footage of Sebastian’s family eating... An NFL-style telestrator circles Sebastian’s grandfather. We see a long sequence of Maniscalco men, family-tree-style. We see iPhone footage of U.S. kids throwing tantrums. We start to flip through photos, family-album-style, starting with these actual pictures of Sebastian’s family in the ‘80s. As we sift through several pages of ACTUAL sexy shots... YOUNG SEBASTIAN makes intense eye contact with the OWNER. YOUNG SEBASTIAN, eats cereal and watches cartoons when YOUNG SALVO (30s, slick, pony-tailed, with an accent that’s half- Sicilian, half-condescending) enters and shuts off the TV. As Young Salvo marches off, Young Sebastian calls after: Young Sebastian shows a picture of a super cute dog to Young Salvo, who shakes his head, not having it. Young Sebastian looks over a menu. Young Salvo leans over and uses his hands to block the top and bottom portions. Young Sebastian opens a present and stares warily at a small rolling pallet with some 2x4’s nailed on top. Young Salvo and Young Sebastian spray fancy colognes into the air, then close their eyes and POP THEIR BODIES DRAMATICALLY through the mist. Sebastian’s ADORING MOM claps for her men. Young Sebastian struggles to skate up to the house on his shit wooden skateboard. He finds Young Salvo aggressively shoveling snow from a snow bank back onto their driveway. Convinced, Young Sebastian grabs a shovel to help and looks up at his father, adoringly. SEBASTIAN settles in with his dream girl, ELLIE (30s, relaxed, radiant, blessed with the charm to constantly mess with people yet still have a 5.0 UBER passenger rating). Ellie laughs and they kiss. She starts tossing olives in the air, catching them in her mouth, and spitting out the pits onto a plate. Sebastian stares at her with stars in his eyes. Ellie grabs some bread and reaches for the butter. Sebastian pulls out a special flask from his blazer. He does this and encourages Ellie, who does the same. Sebastian isn’t sure, but Ellie forces him to try it. Sebastian reluctantly tries it, but it’s clearly amazing. Ellie is snuggled up in bed, as we reveal Sebastian next to her, fully dressed and ready to start his day. Sebastian lays back down in bed, trying to enjoy it. Then: As Sebastian reaches for his clock, we see it’s only 5:43. Ellie watches TV, in a green mud mask. Sebastian exits the bathroom, wearing a similar mask, looking super angry. A TENNIS PRO feeds balls to Ellie and Sebastian, who are dressed in all whites. Ellie hits first, grunting loudly like Maria Sharapova. Then Sebastian hits, grunting the same way. Sebastian looks at Ellie and awkwardly tries his best smile. A fun Australian, BRETT, stands up, dinging his glass. He’s surrounded by people ready to dance and holding signs. Everyone cheers as Brett and his friends get set to perform. Ellie watches Brett and his friends doing a choreographed dance for a HANDSOME YOUNG MAN, who has entered.  to show their love like this. Ellie breaks into a smile, directed at Sebastian. He points to some dancers, who hold signs that spell out: “M-A-R-R-Y M-E D-I-C-K”. Ellie turns back to Sebastian. As Sebastian breaks, Ellie lights up -- so pleased this guy will do anything for her. She pulls out two cardboard signs and hands one to Sebastian. They fall into the routine with an “E” and an “R”, turning the “D-I-C-K” into “D-E-R-I-C-K”. Brett’s fiancé lights up and says an emphatic yes! And as confetti blasts out, Ellie laughs and kisses Sebastian. As Sebastian and Ellie keep dancing, cracking each other up, the Sinatra music fades back up as we fade back out into the next part of the journey... Sebastian drinks coffee at the living room window, mocking a hipster with a topknot who walks his dog out front. The dog drops a deuce on the lawn. The owner looks around and goes to leave, but Sebastian bangs on the glass. Ellie enters, covering the mouth of her phone, with a curious but excited look on her face. Sebastian stares at Ellie, super intensely. It’s hard to tell what he’s thinking, then a single tear rolls down his cheek. Sebastian watches Ellie exit, as the tears keep flowing. Sebastian crosses to a framed photo of a gorgeous, WASP-y family gathered on the steps of their fancy summer place. They’re all dressed impeccably in red, white, and blue. We push into the scene of the photo, as Ellie’s delightful family comes to life, giggling and posing... We drift out of the scene and up into “Google Earth” imagery, then race across the Atlantic ocean toward Plymouth, England. We show a portrait of a stern-looking Pilgrim standing with his family, with the famous boat in the background. An NFL-style telestrator shows the following on the portrait: looking portraits of men all named “Francis Love Collins”... ”FRANK” -- kind, well-educated, can dominate a board room but may have trouble pumping his own gas). We quickly flip through posters of the many “Rocky” movies. A “Collins Hotel Group” portfolio book opens and flips through old school properties, ending on a gorgeous one. We then spin across the street to find Sebastian, wearing a nice suit, opening the doors to a newer, trendier hotel. We see TIGGER (60s, old money, Ivy-educated, like Plutonium -- she’s thrilling to be around but also might kill you) engaging in a CNN talking head yell fight with ANA NAVARRO. Ellie reenters and moves flirtatiously into Sebastian’s arms, dabbing the tears from his eyes with some Kleenex. Annoyed, Sebastian peers into an overgrown vegetable garden. Salvo emerges from the plants, like a sniper. He’s now older -- with his spine even more curved, and his pony-tailed hair balding in the front -- but arguably prouder than ever, as he rises, sweaty and shirtless, with a bandana tied around his head, and dirt caked into his face and chest hair. Salvo carefully follows some tracks over to his cucumbers. Salvo opens some baloney and pours antifreeze on it. As Salvo tosses baloney slices, Sebastian notices some neighbors starting to watch and tries to block their view. Sebastian goes over to his dad, keeping his voice low. Salvo considers for a beat, then turns to this son.  OF FREEDOM WITH SOME OTHER FAMILY,  EAT THE HOT DOGS, ALL ALONE!  (to sky, in Italian)  THAT ORPHANAGE SO HE COULD GROW UP  TO BREAK SOME OTHER FATHER’S HEART! Sebastian rolls his eyes. As Salvo happily goes back to his poisoning, Sebastian exits, passing the gathered neighbors. Dressed from work, Sebastian talks to Ellie, who looks upset. Ellie nods like she’s disappointed but really she’s thinking. Sebastian stares at Ellie, knowing what he needs to do. Ellie squeals with delight and jumps into Sebastian’s arms. Salvo cuts an older lady’s hair, holding court in a fun and loud ‘90s salon. Sebastian stands sheepishly before him. The salon crowd cheers for Salvo, who is in his absolute element here. As Salvo dances around and has animated chats with his clientele, Sebastian looks at his him, concerned. Salvo lifts a dryer and spins a FEMALE CLIENT to the mirror so she can see her feathery new hairdo. Salvo then blasts her with double barrels of hairspray. As she fades into a fog of CFC’s, Sebastian steps over to Salvo. The salon crowd boos Sebastian as Salvo turns back to him. Sebastian does a spot-on impression of his flamboyant dad judging people around him. Oblivious, Salvo does the exact same motions as he complains about Sebastian to his clients. Salvo slaps Sebastian on the neck, affectionately. The crowd cheers for Salvo as he turns back to Sebastian. The crowd laughs and cheers as Salvo does his classic Salvo dances toward Sebastian, forcing him out the door. On Sebastian’s somewhat hopeful smile, the Sinatra music kicks up as we dissolve into the next leg of our journey... A small prop plane grinds to a halt. As Ellie, Sebastian, and Salvo disembark, we hear the following VO: Ellie takes a big huff of the country air, invigorated. Sebastian goes to breathe it in, but coughs on a big cloud of smoke. REVEAL: Salvo trailing, having just lit a Jewel Cigar. Salvo takes another big drag and Sebastian dodges the exhale. Salvo looks for an ally in Sebastian, who smiles back. Proud, Sebastian then puts an arm around Ellie. They turn to see LUCKY (30s, cocky, well-groomed, kinda like a purebred horse brought to life). He’s dressed in a flight suit and holds a helicopter helmet under his arms. Ellie runs and jumps into Lucky’s arms, spread-eagling her legs around his torso. Salvo lean into Sebastian. Salvo cringes as they watch Ellie and Lucky repeatedly kiss each other on the cheeks... We pan from a library to an Eating Club where Lucky finishes sucking down his share of a three-story beer bong... -- Lucky carves a perfect powder trail, as others follow. -- Lucky leans off the port side of a sailboat, balancing it. -- Lucky hits a pure four-iron, then turns to the group... As the ball lands behind him on the green, he pumps his arm. The rich dude foursome all Golf-Laughs hard together. Lucky finally puts Ellie down and turns to Sebastian. Lucky shakes Sebastian’s hand and turns it into a bro hug. Lucky pulls two fancy bottles of lotion from his bag. Salvo and Sebastian share a look like: fuck this guy. Lucky straps on his helmet and struts to a helicopter. Ellie excitedly follows. Salvo does too, but Sebastian is nervous. Ellie kisses Sebastian and pulls him to the helicopter. Salvo takes one last drag, apprehensive, then genuflects. Lucky talks into his headset, as Ellie rides shotgun. Ellie whoops as the chopper rises away from the airfield. Lucky and Ellie lean out, so comfortable, as we pan around the cockpit to find Salvo, who is far less comfortable. REVEAL: Sebastian, clearly in a panic, breathing heavily and sweating through his multiple layers of clothing. Sebastian starts to hyperventilate and tug at his clothes. Ellie turns around and sees Sebastian suffering. Sebastian gasps, sweating more. Lucky turns around, sees him. Sweat now pours off his body as he aggressively sheds layers. Ellie drives as Sebastian rides. Salvo sits in the back. Salvo and Ellie share a laugh at that. They round a bend, and take in an elegant country club vista, which has been tastefully decorated for the Fourth of July. Salvo points to GUYS in pastel clothes who are converting their golf cart into a hot dog in front of a large estate. Ellie stops next to a pond, where a family of peacocks waddle across the road. A nearby sign shows: “Peacock Crossing.” As Ellie drives on, Salvo watches the peacocks waddle away. Sebastian and Salvo lay their eyes on a small structure, then share an unimpressed look. Sebastian and Salvo turn to see a magnificent property. Ellie parks in front of a huge house, where Frank and Tigger (in golf clothes and tennis whites, respectively) wait for them with Lucky and DUKE, an energetic Irish Wolfhound. Frank and Tigger rush over and greet Ellie, enthusiastically. They wrap each other up, giving each other all kinds of hugs and kisses. Salvo leans into Sebastian, concerned. Duke the dog charges over and starts jumping on them. Tigger (in tennis whites) turns to Sebastian and Salvo. Tigger turns to Salvo, as they size each other up with their respective, domineering Type-A energy. And like two magnets, they’re riding a fine line between attraction and repulsion. Frank removes his golfer’s hat to reveal his bald head. He laughs hard at his own joke. Salvo doesn’t really think it’s that funny, but the others join in. Especially Lucky. Lucky salutes Frank, then speeds off in a golf cart, nearly hitting Sebastian. Ellie leans into Tigger and Frank, holding them tight. As they all hug, Salvo leans into Sebastian. Duke keeps jumping up on Sebastian and trying to jam his nose in his crotch. No one does anything to try and stop him. Frank laughs at his bad joke. Ellie and Tigger join in. Salvo looks at Sebastian like -- what the fuck are we laughing at? Tigger sees Salvo staring at DOUG (20s, out-of-shape, thinks it’s cool to have a beard, but really he’s just too lazy to shave) as he meditates by his house in full yoga gear. Sebastian notices Salvo watching, incredulously. Everyone chuckles, as Sebastian gives Salvo a pointed look. Doug jumps up and runs to another golf cart, as Salvo and Sebastian avert their eyes from his Spandexed moose knuckle. Sebastian sits between Salvo and Ellie across from Frank, Tigger, and Doug in this big, impressive clubhouse. Everyone turns to Salvo, who’s preoccupied by the menu. Confused, Salvo looks to Sebastian, who nervously pivots: Sebastian nods, politely impressed, then Doug butts in: A plucky waitress, GLORIA, shows up. Sebastian can feel Salvo watching and gets self-conscious. Everyone else is a little embarrassed, as it gets quiet. Gloria looks for help from Tigger and Frank, who steps in. A long beat as Salvo tries to process this impossibility. Sebastian throws his hands up, frustrated. Sebastian leans into Salvo, trying to be discreet. Other diners start to notice the rising commotion. Salvo is un-fazed and smiles nicely to the waitress. Everyone jumps in, trying dissuade Salvo: As they all overlap on each other, we SMASH CUT TO... Salvo arranges his array of colognes, as a grumpy Sebastian finishes putting his clothes into the bureau. Sebastian breaks a little, chuckling. He knows this is weird. Salvo laughs, as Sebastian further softens. Sebastian goes over to an old chair and fake-presents it. They share a laugh, Sebastian goes back to normal. Sebastian nods and they spray their respective colognes, then step dramatically through the clouds. As they climb into bed: Sebastian switches off the light. A beat, then: As they both crack up some more, we... Tigger, Ellie, Lucky, and Frank sip cocoa in pajamas by a fire, while Doug plays a shooter game on his Nintendo D.S., wearing bulky headphones with a built-in microphone. Dough laughs as Tigger pulls a blanket up over her and Ellie. Frank kisses Ellie and hugs her tight. Doug yells. chopper smells like a Nordstroms. Lucky points to a gorgeous photograph of those mean looking monkeys soaking with just their angry faces poking out of the steamy water (look it up). Lucky gets up and does an impression of an angry-looking Sebastian and Salvo, rising behind the couch slowly so that just his head is showing. Everyone laughs. Frank gets up and joins him in doing the impression, also rising from behind the couch. Everyone is laughing now. Ellie stifles herself. Tigger and Frank smile, willing, as Doug wraps up his game. Sebastian (in an athletic track suit) and Salvo (in an all black outfit with matching scissor purse), walk. They repeatedly pass happy people -- jogging, walking, and on beach cruisers -- who say good morning. They chuckle as a PASSING JOGGER approaches. A FRIENDLY WOMAN bikes toward them, wearing a bathrobe. They approach the courts, where people play. Salvo scowls. They hear two women playing and grunting like that. As they climb the steps to the tennis courts, Sebastian self- consciously zips up his jacket to cover his white clothes. In the stands, Salvo watches with Frank and Doug, dressed in overalls as he draws in a notebook. On the court, Ellie and Lucky play doubles against Sebastian and an intense Tigger. Tigger chest bumps Sebastian, weirding him -- and Salvo -- out, then takes her position at net. Lucky prepares to serve. Sebastian readies to return, but feels Salvo watching him and plays it cool, not wanting to show that he can play. Lucky serves. Sebastian swings lamely and hits a lousy shot. Ellie looks at Sebastian curiously, as Tigger comes over... Sebastian looks at Salvo for a body language chat. Sebastian: “Talk to Frank!” Salvo: “What am I supposed to say?” Sebastian: “Just figure it out!” Salvo: “Vaffanculo!” They share a laugh, then Salvo looks back at Doug. Doug starts coloring more intensely. Frank rubs Doug’s back, but Doug shakes it off petulantly. Frank chuckles very awkwardly for a beat, then: Douglas rips out a page for Frank, who grabs some markers. Disgusted, Salvo looks back out at Sebastian who is changing over courts with the others. Lucky hands Sebastian the balls. Ellie takes Sebastian aside, concerned about his play. Ellie tries to unzip his jacket but he aggressively stops her. She notices Sebastian staring up at his father. She points to Tigger, who is angrily using her racket to jam an empty water cup deep into a trashcan. Ellie smiles thinly and joins Lucky on his side, as Tigger comes over to Sebastian, showing him a photo on her phone. She jogs up to net, leaving Sebastian to think as he readies to serve to Lucky, who mocks him. Sebastian looks from his sweet girlfriend to her smug brother to an annoyed Tigger to a judgmental Salvo, clearly torn. Defiant, Sebastian takes a deep breath then rips off his tear- away track suit to reveal he’s dressed in the same tiny white tennis clothes Salvo mocked. Salvo’s jaw drops, as Sebastian lines up to serve, picking out his wedgie like Nadal. Sebastian throws up the ball, bends his knees, and hurls his body up into a serve, GRUNTING. It surprises Lucky, who slaps at the ball, sending it sailing over a charging Sebastian, who doesn’t even look back as he knows it’s out. As Sebastian fully throws himself into a powerful chest bump with Tigger, we begin a series of shots... --SEBASTIAN SERVES A ROCKET INTO ELLIE’S BODY, JAMMING HER. --SEBASTIAN AND LUCKY RALLY CROSSCOURT, GRUNTING LOUDLY LIKE A PAIR OF SHARAPOVAS. WE RACK FOCUS TO FIND SALVO WATCHING, BEYOND DISGUSTED. --AFTER AN INTENSE VOLLEY BATTLE AT NET, TIGGER PUTS THE BALL AWAY. SHE AND SEBASTIAN HIGH FIVE, THEN LET THEIR HANDS SWING ON TO SMACK EACH OTHER HARD IN THEIR RESPECTIVE ASSES. SALVO DOES NOT ENJOY SEEING HIS SON BOND WITH ANOTHER PARENT. --SALVO WATCHES HIS SON HITTING A SERIES OF GORGEOUS GROUND STROKES. EVEN DOUG HAS STOPPED TO WATCH THE GLORY. AT ONE POINT, SEBASTIAN CHASES A BALL DOWN AND HITS A “TWEENER”. --SEBASTIAN RIPS AN OVERHEAD THAT CRASHES INTO THE PLATES OF SOME NEARBY COUNTRY CLUB DINERS. HE POINTS TO LUCKY. The players line up for a final point. Lucky goes to serve. Lucky serves. Tigger slices the ball back and a brief rally ensues. Lucky hits a slight lob over Sebastian’s head. Sebastian backpedals, jumps, and CRUSHES AN OVERHEAD. Lucky tries to spin away, but the ball drills him in the space just below his ass. Lucky YELPS and goes down, IN PAIN. Tigger scampers over the net and runs to Lucky. Everyone circles around him as Frank trots over with ice. Doug laughs. Tigger takes Lucky into her arms, then surprises Sebastian by flashing him a wink and a thumbs up. She turns back to Lucky. As Frank, Tigger, Ellie, and Doug walk down to the boat dock, Sebastian hangs back with a confused Salvo. Salvo gestures to Doug (still in overalls), who is busy decapitating dandelions with a series of karate kicks. Salvo scoffs, not convinced, as they arrive at a large boat dock where Tigger and Frank pass out champagne flutes. They all toast and take sips. Tigger and Frank are beaming. Frank looks over at Tigger, who nods eagerly. features a gorgeous Barrymore Hotel with a DC backdrop. Sebastian’s mouth drops, as does Ellie and Salvo’s. Tigger, smiling big, notices that Salvo isn’t so pleased. Frank laughs at his joke and puts an arm around Sebastian. Ellie and Salvo are clearly processing the development, and Lucky is irate to see his father hugging another son-type. Out on the water, Lucky tries to teach Sebastian how to jet- boot (look up the clip of that guy wiping out at that San Diego pier). He hovers unsteadily trying to make it work. Lucky does that and moves. Sebastian copies him, loving it. They move out into the lake amidst some recreational boats. Salvo watches them with incredulity as he struggles to stand on the rocking boat. Tigger approaches, way more nimble. Salvo stubbornly takes a hand towel from his scissor-purse and wipes off the profuse sweat gathering on his face. They look out where Lucky is teaching Sebastian how to dive. Lucky does this and pops back up, then Sebastian prepares to try. It’s not as easy for him and he looks kinda dumb. They share a chuckle. Tigger gestures to Ellie, who’s yelling support to Sebastian. Tigger pats Salvo on the back. As the reality of this lands with him, he turns to watch his son executing some dives. Sebastian finds his balance then dives, and executes the move fairly well, and pops back up! Sebastian does another one, gaining confidence. Salvo watches, realizing -- maybe this is the place for him. Sebastian does another dive and comes up, happy. Everyone on the boat -- including Salvo -- GASPS. Lucky starts laughing. Sebastian looks down and, we reveal that that force of the water has ripped Sebastian’s suit down to his ankles. Sebastian tries to bend down to grab it, but every movement he makes causes the jet boots to propel him in a weird way. As he struggles, he can’t stop twisting and turning and crashing into the water, all the time fully showing his full (unseen to us) penis to the family and other boaters. Sebastian keeps trying to pull up his suit, but only does more dives, splashes, and at one point hits the boat, his bare ass slowly smearing its way up a boat window. As Sebastian panics, Lucky laughs his ass off and films with his phone. Ellie yells at Lucky to help him. Everyone else yells to try and help. This goes on and on, until we... Sebastian exits from the bathroom with his toothbrush, to find Salvo packing up his suitcase. Salvo and Sebastian square off with dueling “bitch faces”.  MARRY HER -- NOT IF -- HER FAMILY’S  GONNA BE A BIG PART OF THE PACKAGE!  SO YOU NEED TO START MAKING AN  EFFORT HERE, YOU KNOW? BE THE  CHARMING GUY PEOPLE SEE EVERY DAY  IN YOUR SALON OR YOU’LL GIVE ME NO  CHOICE BUT TO LEAVE YOU BEHIND!  STINKY. SO QUIT YOUR BITCHIN’ FOR A  SPRAY! Sebastian grabs his night cologne. A beat, then Salvo begrudgingly grabs his. As they both spray, then dramatically jump through mist, full of unresolved tension, we... Salvo walks outside, inhaling a Jewel Cigar in the cool night air, looking up at the stars. He blows out a long hit. Salvo looks around the sky for any message from his late wife. Finally, a gentle wind starts blowing. The leaves in the trees start to rustle. There’s a scratching in a nearby bush. Salvo smiles, bracing for an answer, then... BRAAAAAAACCCCHHH! Sgt. Feathers and his family of peacocks bursts from the bushes, scaring the shit of Salvo, as they waddle past. As Salvo flicks his burning cigar after them, still unsure what to do, the music kicks back up as we fade into the next part of the journey... Sebastian enters to find Frank and Lucky eating breakfast. Lucky gets up and introduces himself. Sebastian laughs, then stops when he sees Frank is serious. Sebastian looks outside the house and sees a whole new Salvo power-walking toward them with the others. He’s now dressed in vacation wear -- shorts, flip-flops, and a Polo shirt with the giant logo -- as he holds the leash strapped to Duke. Sebastian opens the door to meet them. Salvo is mid-story. They all laugh hard as they enter the house. Sebastian takes in the marvel that is Salvo in vacation-mode. Salvo reaches over and rubs Sebastian’s cheek affectionately. Doug stops chewing a cinnamon roll to wonder if that’s about him. Still processing, Sebastian takes in his “new dad”. Salvo gives Sebastian a look “See, I’m trying.” Salvo gestures to Sebastian with his thumb, and everyone but Sebastian does a hard country club laugh together. Sebastian, Salvo, and the Collins enjoy a delicious meal. They’re making pleasure noises like intense flav-or-gasms. Salvo loudly shushes Sebastian. Everyone laughs. Lucky finishes chewing, then spits his food into the trash. As they clink and drink, even Sebastian has to admit it’s a nice moment. He then notices that the bottle is empty. He laughs and even Salvo joins in. As Sebastian heads out, he gives a “thank you” sign to Salvo, who winks back. Sebastian pulls out a bottle of wine and as he turns, he gets pinned against the wall and kissed by an excited Ellie.  time I’ve ever seen him smile. Sebastian imitates what his dad looks like. Ellie laughs. Ellie puts her hands on Sebastian’s waist and raises her eyebrows suggestively. Sebastian laughs, into it. Ellie laughs. They start to make out, but as they step back, Ellie accidentally knocks the lids off some trashcans. Behind her, Sebastian squints as he sees what looks like two eyes staring back at him. He looks closer and sees it’s actually: FUCKING PEACOCK FEATHERS! ...sticking out from the top of the trash can. His eyes go wide and he starts to panic as he realizes... Sebastian’s world starts to close in on him as he processes what his father has done, while simultaneously trying to keep Ellie from also making this discovery. Ellie starts to turn, but Sebastian keeps her facing forward as he stages a hug to grab the trashcan lid and replace it. Sebastian grabs the wine and pulls her away. Sebastian returns with Ellie to see everyone getting along famously. The world moves in slow motion for Sebastian, as everyone takes HUGE BITES and feasts on Sgt. Feathers. They obliviously chew the peacock, toasting their glasses and repeating the name of the dish in Italian accents. As Salvo smiles broadly at a still spiraling Sebastian, we... Sebastian pushes Salvo into the woods, carrying a bag of what we can presume is the peacock carcass, and two shovels. They repeatedly slap mosquitos and bugs that are biting them. Sebastian tosses a shovel to Salvo. They both start digging, as Sebastian slaps at the large mosquitos on his neck. As an exasperated Sebastian goes back to digging, we... Tired and covered in bug bites, Sebastian enters with Salvo. They find Frank standing at the island, eating from a plate. Frank puts down the plate, concerned. Ellie runs in, looking concerned. As everyone turns to Sebastian for an answer, we... Salvo finishes styling Tigger, then spins her around in a chair to face the mirror. Her hair has been straightened, trimmed, and slicked back into a tight boyish ponytail. She studies the cut and can’t quite make sense of it. Neither can Ellie, Sebastian, or Frank. Only Salvo looks proud. Lucky barges in, looking at his phone...  Anyone want to see a slo-mo vid of  Sebastians’s floppy... Lucky stops when he sees Tigger and starts laughing. Everyone turns to look at Tigger and Salvo in the mirror and realizes for the first time that Salvo has indeed given her an almost identical female version of his slicked ponytail.  twins who dress up like each other. Salvo shrugs. Tigger closes her eyes, eerily calm. Everybody starts to file out... except Salvo, who lingers. Sebastian and Salvo watch “ALL IN WITH CHRIS HAYES” on live TV as Tigger gives a very heated talking head interview. Sebastian lowers the volume and turns to Salvo. Ellie enters, hearing this. Salvo throws up his hands in frustration and exits as Sebastian turns back to Ellie. As Ellie reaches for a nibble from Frank’s plate, Sebastian grabs it and dumps it in the trash. We then overlap LOUD REVOLUTION-ERA “FIFE & DRUM” MUSIC... ...as we come up on Frank marching in an authentic Continental Army Captain’s uniform. The music goes quiet and tinny as we reveal Doug ambling ahead of him, playing it from a small bluetooth speaker. Frank stops at a stockade of paintball weaponry, where our family members and other CLUB MEMBERS are drawing red or blue notecards from a vintage tricorn hat. People whoop and holler in support. Lucky steps forward, holding up his paintball gun. Lucky fires at Sebastian, who recoils from the pain. Lucky fires two more bullets into Sebastian’s butt cheeks. Sebastian sets his safety to black, then pulls the trigger to check it and fires a bullet straight into the underside of his chin, sending him flailing backwards. Salvo immediately pulls his gun on Lucky! Tigger pulls a gun on Salvo, causing several others to pull guns on each other! It looks like a lowest possible stakes version of the end to a Quintin Tarrantino movie. Everybody stands down with their weapons, as Lucky laughs. Everyone gears up. Team Blue includes Frank, Tigger, and Lucky. Salvo, Sebastian, Doug and Ellie are on Team Red. Salvo looks over at Tigger, who stops prepping her gear to smile and make an “I’m gonna cut your throat” sign to him. As Salvo smears eye black under his eyes, we... Sebastian trots through the woods with Ellie trailing. Ellie shoots him twice in the stomach. Ellie turns the gun and shoots herself twice in the stomach. As they laugh and head off, we... Salvo and Doug sneak through another part of the woods, sniping soldiers from the BLUE TEAM as they go. Salvo whips around as they snipe two guys twice in the chest. They trot on, using military signs as they go. Doug provides cover as Salvo ducks and snipes a BLUE TEAMER. Doug drops to a knee and Salvo shoots a BLUE TEAMER over him. Doug stares at Salvo like he’s going to say something tough, then starts looking like he’s going to cry and runs away. Frank and Lucky catch their breath behind a log. Lucky takes off his hat and raises it over the log. It’s immediately pelted by a stream of paintballs. Lucky smiles, understanding. Frank and Lucky share a look, then scream and rise up to kick ass... then immediately get lit up by Salvo who is coming out at them with two weapons like John Wick. Frank and Lucky look at their bodies, covered in paint, then each other and shrug. Sebastian rolls off Ellie. Both are happy and breathing hard. Ellie laughs and cuddles up next to Sebastian. Tigger, in full battle mode, charges through the woods sniping RED TEAMERS as she goes with surprising expertise. Tigger sniffs the air and finds a jacket poking out from behind a tree. She jumps around the corner and fires... ...but the bullet hits an empty jacket he’s propped up. As Tigger inspects it, annoyed, the leafy ledge behind her comes to life as Salvo emerges from amidst them, rocking a homemade Ghillie suit he’s put together with moss and leaves. His gun emerges as Salvo takes aim, but Tigger senses the activity and ducks just as he fires. The paintball splatters against the tree as Tigger rolls around and fires back... just as Salvo also jumps to safety behind a tree. Salvo runs to a new hiding spot as Tigger fires at him. Salvo keeps popping up from different places to fire back. They call to each other during the fight. She jumps out and fires! He fires back! She fires again! He fires back! Tigger runs across the woods, emptying a clip on the way. Salvo tries to hit her the whole way. Then silence. Salvo jumps out and fires just as she does the same. They both have a perfect shot, but in slo-mo we see their two bullets collide and EXPLODE in a splash of blue and red. It’s amazing. They both look at each other, then can’t help but smile. It’s a fun moment. Maybe in another life... They salute each other, then instantly fall back into fight mode, chasing each other through the woods, as we... Back at the starting place, the “killed” RED and BLUE TEAMERS sip lemonade and talk about the battle. Lucky and Frank drink scotch as Sebastian and Ellie watch the field. Ellie points to Salvo and Tigger approaching from afar, both gesticulating wildly. ANGLE ON TIGGER AND SALVO: They’re both dirty and covered in paint splotches and definitely in good moods. They laugh, then Salvo softens a bit. As they approach the others, Ellie and Sebastian cross over. Salvo and Tigger look at each other, unsure. Everyone celebrates that verdict, except Frank. They all look around, not seeing him. Frank and Tigger start calling for him. Others start helping them look around. Salvo goes to the snack table. Salvo makes the sound and motion of a missile shooting off. He goes to bite the donut, but Tigger bats it away. Sebastian covers Salvo’s mouth as the groups canvases the area. Tigger and Frank look pissed. Ellie’s also worried. Salvo grabs another donut and walks away, but before he can take a bite, an angry Tigger shoots it out of his hand. It’s now dark as Salvo and a tired, grumpy Sebastian use phone-lights to search. Salvo checks the ground for clues. Salvo points to one and they start moving in that direction. He slaps at bugs that are biting him throughout. This hits Salvo like a ton of bricks. He gets real quiet. Sebastian’s silence says it all. Salvo nods, forcing a smile, then slaps a big mosquito on his neck. Salvo nods again, realizing just how much his son is changing for this new family. Dejected, he then reaches into his pocket and pulls out a beautiful diamond engagement ring. He looks at it for a beat, then offers it to Sebastian. Sebastian takes the ring and studies it in his hand. Salvo forces a smile, then turns to go. Salvo turns back around and looks at Sebastian. Salvo points to where Doug is sitting lamely up in a tree, using his phone. As Sebastian looks at Doug, back to the ring and to Salvo walking off. It’s truly a bittersweet moment and as Sebastian cradles the ring in his hand and goes to Doug. And as the Sinatra music swells, we... “FORMAGGI E FRUTTA” Sebastian awakes, then turns over as we see he’s spent the night with Ellie in her bed. She’s still fast asleep. Sebastian quietly gets dressed and sneaks out. As he opens the door, however, Duke barks loudly. Sebastian hustles by. Sebastian peeks in to look for Salvo, but see his Dad’s bed is made with his vacation clothes folded neatly nearby. Sebastian finds Lucky on the porch doing sit-ups.  Hey. What’s shaking, Sea bass? Sebastian expected this, but is a little bummed to hear it. Sebastian crosses off to watch folks jogging and biking by... Sebastian sees the three remaining peacocks playing together. He shakes his head, recalling this horror. Sebastian sits across from Frank and Tigger, smiling. Sebastian unearths the ring to show his intention. Frank and Tigger share a nervous “I don’t know” look. Sebastian starts to panic, then Frank and Tigger break, laughing. Sebastian eyes the peacocks still crossing the lawn. Sebastian laughs, then stops. This lands with Sebastian, who thinks on it. They all chuckle at that, then Doug knock/enters, excited. Doug takes a deep breath, then proclaims: Doug stomps his foot, petulantly, the resets himself. Doug takes a deep breath as Frank and Tigger. Frank and Tigger share a look, then turn back to Doug. Doug turns to leave, then turns back to Sebastian. As Doug exits, Sebastian further contemplates the effect his father seems to have had on this family. Then shakes it off as Frank pops a bottle of champagne to celebrate the moment. A PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHER sets up his equipment as Lucky and Doug prepare for the photo. Sebastian paces, nervously, near Frank and Tigger, who spots Ellie. Tiggers point to Ellie, who approaches with a head of steam. Frank pats Sebastian on the back, encouragingly. Frank and Tigger act so unnatural, as Sebastian reaches into his pocket to hold the ring. The photographer starts taking pictures as Ellie gets closer and Sebastian tries to smile. Ellie arrives. She’s carrying the fancy “Collins Hotel Group” portfolio and does not look happy. Frank and Tigger are completely taken aback. Ellie holds up the portfolio, flipping through pages.  The answer is: THEIR LOBBY ART! Frank and Tigger look busted, while Sebastian is confused. Ellie flips through them again for Sebastian to see. Frank shows the Portfolio pictures. Lucky nods, convinced. This lands with Tigger and Frank, who smile sympathetically. Ellie sighs and turns to Sebastian, who is deep in thought. Sebastian plays with the ring inside his pocket... Sebastian takes a huge deep breath, then turns to Lucky and channels the intensity of Arnold Schwarzenegger as he says... As the Sinatra-music kicks on, we... A helicopter soars over a gorgeous mountainous vista. Lucky turns around to see Sebastian absolutely dying, as he wheezes and tries to shed layers while buckled in. As he turns and vomits out the window, we... As the chopper blades slow, Sebastian jumps out in underwear. He puts his clothes back on as he races toward the entrance. The two overweight TSA AGENTS from the beginning take turns throwing donut holes over the x-ray machine, trying to land them in each other’s mouths. A GATE ATTENDANT cleans up the gate after what is clearly a completed boarding process as Sebastian (now dressed but still sweaty) bursts in.. The TSA Agents step behind her to reinforce her point. Sebastian turns away and as they all stand down, he does a Michael Jackson-style dance move to spin around the metal detector, then sprints past them out onto the tarmac. SEBASTIAN bursts from the airport, sprinting to the plane. The TSA Officers chase after him, calling out: The TSA Officers double over with cramps. One dry heaves as Sebastian races ahead, heading off the plane. The plane grinds to a halt. The door opens and lowers to the ground, and it’s Salvo who gets off. Sebastian looks at his father and takes a deep breath. Both men fully start crying, standing stoically face-to-face, marinating in the thick tears rolling down their cheeks. Salvo and Sebastian hug each other, still fully crying, as we reveal the TSA Agents watching, both way freaked out. As Salvo and Sebastian continue the emotional embrace, we... The town is abuzz with a patriotic parade, as wealthy people dressed in red, white, and blue walk and ride on firetrucks, convertibles, and golf-carts-turned-parade-floats. Frank, Doug, and Tigger (all in military uniforms) ride atop their golf-cart-turned-Navy-ship with Frank steering. Tigger leans into Ellie, who smiles, but is clearly still annoyed. Ellie shrugs and presses a button, cuing a big navy FOGHORN. Several parade viewers fall over from the blast. Doug points to Lucky’s helicopter drop from the sky and prep to land in front of the parade, with Sebastian and Salvo leaning proudly out of it. As it lowers, Sebastian jumps off and walks confidently to Ellie, with Salvo close behind. Ellie can’t help but be a bit embarrassed as she goes to him. Sebastian gets down on one knee, as everyone watches, including Frank, Tigger, Doug, and Lucky who venture over.  their love in a way that’s pretty-- Frank and Tigger take each other’s hands, feeling guilty. This makes sense. Ellie looks over at her parents. They mouth sorry. She smiles, forgiving them a bit. Sebastian offers his grandmother’s ring. Ellie smiles huge.  BE THE MOST EMBARRASSING PARENTS  THEY CAN EVER IMAGINE! Everyone cheers. And as Sebastian slides the ring over her finger, Salvo, Frank, and Tigger come over to give them congratulatory hugs. As they do, the village fireworks start going off in the background. It’s a huge display. Doug hands his phone to a stranger, then joins the others for a big group photo. It’s an amazing scene as both families gather together and the camera captures a series of shots. In the family photo, Sebastian finds himself right where he wants to be -- with an arm around his father and Ellie. They all share a happy moment, then Doug notices something. The whole town looks to see the Collins’ large dog coming out of the woods dragging... As he gets closer, everyone sees he’s carrying THE FUCKING PEACOCK CARCASS! Sebastian and Salvo share a terrified look, then yell: And on our father and son Maniscalco back in sync and