A STEADY BEEP over a BLACK SCREEN. CHYRON: This is a true story. A HEART MONITOR. A BRIGHT GREEN LINE bouncing across it. ASHLEY SCHMITT (4), boundless energy, wise beyond her years, runs into a HOSPITAL ROOM, followed by... ...her dad, ED SCHMITT (30’s), easy-going, rugged good looks, a guy who showers after work, not before. He’s dressed in his cleanest short-sleeve button up and a well- worn JOHN DEERE CAP. On the bed is TERESA SCHMITT (30), glowing through her exhaustion, cradling newborn daughter MICHELLE, less than an hour old. Ashley climbs onto the bed to get a look at the new baby. Ed gives Ashley a little squeeze, then leans in, gently kisses baby Michelle on the forehead. He takes off his BALLCAP and slips it on her head. Ed grins at Teresa. She grins back. In this moment, the whole world is theirs. As we cut to the person talking, the THE SCENE SUDDENLY CHANGES. The room dim, quiet. A DOCTOR, 40’s, stands in the doorway. Ed turns around. 4 years has passed. It might as well be 40. He looks exhausted, ground down by life. Next to him, Teresa lies in a hospital bed, her skin colorless, very little life left in her. Ed nods, understanding. She looks at him sympathetically, gestures to the NURSE. They quietly exit the room so he can say goodbye. Ed looks down at Teresa. How does he do this? Where does he even begin? He pulls her hand up to his face to feel her fingers against his cheek. Slowly, the beep of the heart rate monitor falls, giving way to the SOLID TONE of a flatline. Ed listens to the tone, the finality of it. It doesn’t seem real. A blue-collar suburb. Quiet and dark, everyone turned in for the night. Ed rumbles down the road, his mind a million miles away. He pulls into his driveway, climbs out, heads up the walk to his SMALL BRICK ONE-STORY. Modest, but well kept. He puts the key in the lock, and notices the MAILBOX tacked to the siding is crooked. He straightens it. It falls again. Needs a new screw. He steps into -- His mom and dad wait for him at the dining room table, BARBARA (60s), salt of the earth, the backbone of the family, ED SENIOR (60’s), quiet, unflappable. They both get up, rush over to him. Barbara wraps her arms around him. Ed Senior gives him a hug too, then a hardy shoulder squeeze: Stay strong. Barbara nods. Ed nods, heading down the hall, into-- Pink walls, two twin beds separated by a nightstand. He kisses a sleeping Ashley, now 8, on her forehead. Then crosses the room to check on Michelle, now 4. There’s an OXYGEN TUBE in her nose, MEDICAL EQUIPMENT near her bed. Ed adjusts the TUBE, checks the levels on the machine, then kisses her too. He gently shuts their door, goes back out to-- He gets a TOOL BOX from the HALL CLOSET, walks out to-- He walks past them, opens the front door, begins working to fix the mailbox. Focused. Quiet. Barbara watches him, concerned. Ed Senior puts a hand on her back, gesturing for them to go, let him be. She gathers up her things. A local DIVE. Old neon sign blinking above the door. local drunks. The air thick with cigarette smoke. At the BAR, SHARON (39), big hoop earrings, too much eye- make-up, a rough-around-the-edges beauty -- gets ready to knock back TEQUILA SHOTS with THREE CRAGGY-FACED BIKER GUYS, and her friend ROSE (late 40’s), African-American, warm but no-nonsense. Sharon sprinkles SALT on the back of everyone’s hands, passes out LEMON WEDGES. They all lick the salt, take the shot, suck the lemon. Their faces pucker in unison. Rose gives Sharon a little look: Pace yourself. Sharon grins, used to Rose’s mothering-friend routine. She leans in, yelling into her ear over the MUSIC. Sharon laughs as she reaches for the next shot. Rose bites her tongue. Sharon’s a big girl. They knock back another round just as Brooks & Dunn’s Boot Scootin’ Boogie comes on. Sharon’s face lights up. This is her jam. She takes Rose by the hands, dancing with her. Sharon’s a fun drunk, no doubt about it. Rose can’t help herself. Loosens up a little, joining in. Sharon climbs onto her chair, then ONTO THE BAR, gestures for Rose to join. Rose wags her finger. Too far. The Bikers CHEER as Sharon makes a spectacle, line- dancing down the bar, stepping over everyone’s beers, an impromptu performance... She gets all the way to the end and does a KICK AND SPIN for a BIG FINISH. Except, she loses her footing on the turn, SLIPS, TUMBLES OFF THE EDGE, BUSTING HER HEAD on the back of a barstool. A tiny sagging pre-fab home. Sharon’s EYEBROW is busted open, blood dripping through her eye make-up. Rose lugs her to the front door. She’s hammered, can barely walk, practically dead weight. Rose gets her inside, dumps her onto her couch, pulls her HIGH HEELS off. Then goes into the kitchen, gets a WET WASH CLOTH, GLASS of WATER, some ASPIRIN. Rose dabs the wound with the washcloth, places the WATER and ASPIRIN on the coffee table. The blinding sun. Hotter then hell. Everyone’s lawn burnt to a crisp in the summer heat. Light streams through the windows, baking the living room like an oven. Sharon peels open an eye. Very weakly lifts a hand to her head... it’s POUNDING. She feels her insides beginning to CHURN. Suddenly, she can feel it: Everything about to come up. She wills herself to her feet, rushes to-- Sharon lunges to the toilet, throws the lid up, hurls the contents of her stomach. She flushes, stumbles over to the sink, cranes her head under the faucet to rinse out her mouth. Then catches her reflection for the first time: Face CRUSTED WITH BLOOD, a JAGGED WOUND scabbing above her eyebrow, mascara everywhere. Then with it, a wave of shame. She presses her eyes shut, embarrassed. Sharon sits in a chair, holding the WATER Rose left for her. The room is excruciatingly quiet. A FEELING comes. It’s one she knows well. An EMPTINESS forming in the center of her, swallowing the rest of her into it... It gets stronger and stronger, until finally, she bursts to her feet, grabs her CAR KEYS. Sharon pulls a 6-PACK OF BEER out of the FRIDGE CASE. RELIEF comes the second it’s in her hands. She gets in line at the REGISTER. There’s an OLD MAN in line in front of her, taking forever. She heaves a sigh, impatient. Glances over at the NEWPAPER RACK. Perusing the headlines of The NY Times, The Wall Street Journal. Then, in the upper left corner of the LOCAL LOUISVILLE PAPER, something catches her eye-- A PHOTO OF A LITTLE GIRL. Bright sparkling eyes. A sweet, tiny smile. Something in her face instantly seizes Sharon’s heart. Then she reads the headline above her image: 4-YEAR-OLD GIRL LOSES MOTHER, IN FIGHT FOR HER OWN LIFE She narrows her eyes, leans in, begins to read more. Michelle Schmitt’s mother, Teresa Schmitt, died late Thursday evening after battling a rare condition called Wegener’s disease for several months. Now the family fears Michelle will be next. Sharon looks up, sees it’s her turn in line. But she’s not done reading the article, and something in her needs to know the rest. She grabs the PAPER, puts it down on the counter with the 6-pack. Sharon sits in her PARKED CAR. Cracks open a BEER, picks up the newspaper, keeps reading where she left off. 4-year-old Michelle was recently diagnosed with Biliary Atresia, a rare medical condition for which there is no cure. Without a liver transplant, doctors estimate she has approximately a year to live. Finding a donor for young children is an uncertain process, with wait times often averaging 2.5 years. Sharon unfolds the paper and sees TWO MORE PICTURES below the crease -- The Schmitt family gathered together in front of a Christmas Tree, and a PHOTO of Teresa laughing as Michelle puts eyeshadow on her. At the bottom of the article, an announcement-- Funeral services for Teresa Schmitt will take place at Sharon pauses a moment, realizing that’s today. She glances at the car’s clock: 1:51pm. Hopewell Church is not far away. Suddenly, she feels an impulse to do something completely out of the ordinary. GUESTS mill around quietly before the service, hugging and offering condolences. Ed makes his way through the sanctuary, holding Michelle and Ashley by hand. He wears his one rarely-worn suit and tie. His body here, but his mind is still far away. They take a seat in the FIRST PEW next to his parents. Barbara squeezes his arm. Ed Sr. gives him a little pat. Michelle climbs on his lap, peering around the church, looking for something. Ed isn’t sure what to say. Barbara cuts in, pointing to the casket. Michelle looks at the closed casket, confused. Ashley is dealing with the loss by pretending she’s grown up, and knows everything her little sister doesn’t. Good question. Ed’s been wondering the same thing. Barbara isn’t sure how to answer that, decides to go with a stock platitude. MINISTER THOMAS (60’s) approaches the podium. The whispering quiets down and everyone faces front. Sharon climbs out of her car, holding a SMALL CHEAP BOUQUET OF FLOWERS she quickly grabbed from the GROCERY STORE. She smoothes her clothes a little, still in last night’s outfit. Not exactly funeral attire: A sparkly BEDAZZLED JEAN SKIRT and LOW-CUT TOP. She yanks the skirt as low as it will go, suddenly self- conscious about how short it is. Sharon walks in, sees the service has already started. She feels a sudden rush of nerves, still not sure what she’s even doing here. But pushes past it, tip-toeing into the sanctuary, trying to be inconspicuous. The CLICK-CLACK of her HEELS echoes anyway, making SEVERAL PEOPLE turn around. Some of them eyeball her attire. Sharon smiles apologetically, slips into a pew. The minister turns his gaze towards Ed. Heads turn towards Ed. Salt of the earth in every way. Ed pulls in a breath, trying to steady himself. GUESTS file past the FOOD TABLE. Sharon spoons a clump of HOMEMADE NOODLE SALAD on a paper plate, still feeling out of place here. She stands awkwardly by a potted plant, eating it. She spots Ed and the girls across the room, surrounded by people offering condolences. Waits for an opening. When a few people clear, she dumps the noodle salad, approaches them with the flowers. Ed looks over at Sharon. Sharon hands Ed the CHEAP BOUQUET OF FLOWERS. Michelle points to Sharon’s skirt, amazed. She laughs, a little embarrassed to have attention called to it. Michelle TWIRLS, showing her how the dress catches the air and puffs like a balloon. Sharon grins. Michelle grins. Ashley just looks at her, unsmiling. Slow to warm up. Sharon plays up her surprise. Ashley instantly loosens, liking this lady. Barbara cuts in. Barbara gestures towards AUNT LOIS & UNCLE AL (80’s), her with pillow white hair, him in suspenders. Sharon laughs at the absurdity of the truth. Barbara gets a load of her, isn’t sure how she feels about someone funeral-crashing her daughter-in-law’s service. Sharon senses the weirdness. Clears her throat. Barbara smiles politely, waves goodbye. Sharon makes her way to the exit. AUNT LOIS has her hand on Ed’s arm-- She pats him reassuringly, then UNCLE AL steps up, hugging him. Ed nods and smiles, a rote routine now. More RELATIVES gather, a whole line of them. Ed begins to TUNE OUT COMPLETELY, politely nodding and smiling, but hearing absolutely nothing. Sharon walks to her car, still a bit weirded-out by her decision to come here on the fly. She follows behind TWO WOMEN, talking on their way to their own car.  I don’t know how he’s doing it. The women break off to get in their car. Sharon pauses for a moment before she gets into her own car, thinking. The house is quiet. The kids in bed. The FAINT BUZZ of the TV in the living room where Ed Senior watches an old episode of MASH. Barbara washes dishes at the sink, glances out the window at Ed, sitting alone on the back steps, smoking a cigarette. Ed stares into the darkness, thinking. Behind him, the screen door swings open. Barbara steps out onto the porch, taking a seat next to him. He shakes his head. They both stare into the darkness. Ed takes another drag off his cigarette. Barbara watches the smoke exit his lungs into the warm night air. Ed looks at her. Barbara stops abruptly. Ed closes his eyes, heaves a sigh, feeling bad for raising his voice. He isn’t sure what to say to that. Barbara looks off, recalling a memory. She looks at her son. Of all people, he doesn’t deserve Ed shakes his head, wrestling with something inside himself. There’s a long silence between them. Barbara can tell how much is weighing on him. She offers carefully-- Ed looks around their backyard at the tiny SECOND HAND SWING-SET, the LITTLE PLASTIC SWIMMING POOL Teresa found. Barbara nods, understanding. A small shop jointly owned by Sharon and Rose. They’re the only two hairdressers, plus an ASSISTANT in training, JASON (20’s), a sweet latino kid with a mohawk. Sharon and Rose talk while Rose’s client sits under the dryer, and Sharon waits on her next haircut to arrive. Rose nods, agreeing completely. Sharon looks Rose right in the eye. Sharon nods. Rose just stares blankly at her. Rose looks at her to see if she’s for real. Hopes she is. Rose can tell Sharon’s serious. Wants to encourage it.  She doesn’t think she’ll pull it off, but--  Rose gestures to Jason.  Rose goes to the DRYER to check her client’s color. The  door CHIMES, Sharon’s next haircut walking in. 28 A PRETTY TWO-STORY HOME with a wide manicured lawn, and 28  beautiful landscaping.  Ed works out front, digging a LONG SHALLOW TRENCH in the  grass, sweating in the blistering heat, losing himself in  the hard labor.  LATER -- Ed is on his hands and knees, piecing together  pipes for a NEW SPRINKLER SYSTEM.  LATER-- Ed lays NEW SOD where he dug up the grass.  LATER-- Ed, caked in dirt and dried sweat, accepts a  CHECK from the HOMEOWNER (50’s), wealthy, crisp golf  shirt.  Ed nods gratefully, slips the check into his wallet as he  heads down to truck.  Just as he’s about to climb in, THREE HUGE CONSTRUCTION  TRUCKS rumble past, kicking up a cloud of ROAD DUST. Ed  shields his face, trying not to breathe it in. Ed drives home. With the day’s work done, reality returns, and again his thoughts begin to churn. He turns onto THE MAIN HIGHWAY, and sees he is BEHIND THE BIG CONSTRUCTION TRUCKS. They’re going 15 mph. He drums the steering wheel, impatient. Finally, they all TURN LEFT into a CONSTRUCTION ZONE. It’s the beginning of a NEW TRACT HOME DEVELOPMENT. He doesn’t think much of it, keeps driving. Then, a few seconds later... an IDEA comes. The wheels in his head turn. Suddenly, he punches the breaks, flips a U-turn, goes back to the construction site. He pulls up, takes a look at the BANNER strung up on the chain-link fence: Soon-to-be GORGEOUS HOMES with BIG BEAUTIFUL YARDS. It’s all mostly still DIRT, the new foundations being poured. Michelle and Ashley are watching TV. Barbara enters with a SYRINGE. Michelle holds out her arm, knowing the drill. Barbara administers it as quick as she can. Michelle sucks in her breath. It hurts. She fights back tears, trying to be brave. Michelle breathes out the pain, successfully stops herself from crying. Ashley watches, a little jealous of all the attention Michelle is getting. Ashley rolls her eyes begrudgingly. Barbara carries a HOT CASSEROLE and BASKET OF DINNER ROLLS to the table just as Ed walks through the door from work. Ed Senior and the girls just taking their seats. Ed enters, puts down his stuff. Ed senior waves off the need for any manners. Ed goes to the kitchen, washing his hands and face in the sink. Ashley notices something on the TV in the other room. Barbara looks at Ed to make the decision. He dries his face with a dish towel. They hurry and take their plates into the other room. Barbara serves Ed up some food. She notices his mood is a tad brighter. Ed takes the plate from her, sits down. Ed and Barbara exchange a look, hopeful. They see what he’s thinking. They all brighten at the possibility. Ed feels the tug of hope after going a long time without it. This could actually work. Establishing. Sharon empties a bottle of VODKA into the SINK. Tosses the empty container in her kitchen trash can. Unscrews another bottle, begins emptying it. MONTAGE: Sharon vacuums, dusts, cleans the bathroom, puts a pair of clean sheets on her bed, drags the TRASH to the curb. She stands in her doorway a moment, taking it in. The house is fresh and clean, a launch pad for a new life. Sharon sits up in bed, staring at Michelle’s PHOTO in the paper, trying to come up with a plan. She has a LEGAL PAD in front of her, ready to write down ideas. Except... she has none. She drums the pencil on the paper, trying to think. She looks at the time. Midnight already. Decides to put it to rest for tonight. She turns off the light, snuggles into bed, flips on her TV in search of a show to lull her to sleep. She flips through channels, stops on WAYNE NEWTON singing on TV. She watches a moment. As he finishes the act, JERRY LEWIS joins him on stage. It’s the Jerry Lewis Telethon for Muscular Dystrophy... She sits up a little, thinking. Sharon bursts into the salon. Rose startles, looks over from where she’s giving a GUY A SHAVE. The guy looks up at Rose, unnerved. Sharon pulls a rolled up BANNER out of her bag, unfurls it to reveal a GIANT POSTER advertising a 24-HOUR HAIR-A- THON. Sharon points to the PHOTO of MICHELLE she’s blown-up and pasted all over the banner. Rose is staring at Michelle’s photo, transfixed. Rose clutches her heart, too many feelings. Sharon holds up some FLIERS. Ed buttons up a DRESS SHIRT, tucks it into some khaki pants, trying to look professional. He’s a blue jeans guy, and feels a little like he’s wearing a costume. Michelle comes bounding in. He picks her up in his arms. She gets a whiff of him. He laughs. Then notices something. Her eyes. They have the slightest yellow tint. He sets her down, gets a closer look. She flaps her arms, runs into the other room, pretending to fly. She seems fine, he’s just worrying. A few MEN IN HARDHATS look at BLUEPRINTS, CONSTRUCTION WORKERS beginning the FRAMING. Behind them, Ed’s truck pulls into the lot, comes to a stop near TWO TRAILERS. He climbs out, smiles warmly at the hard-hats. He points Ed towards one of the TRAILERS. Ed heads up the trailer’s metal steps, opens the door into-- Ed finds the construction site manager, BOB GREEN (50’s), heavy-set, weather-beaten face, behind a desk stacked with paperwork. Ed takes a few steps towards him. Bob looks him over. Ed loosens a bit. Ed unfolds a small piece of paper, on which he’s neatly written several names and phone numbers. Ed nods. He has nothing that fancy. They shake hands. Ed Exits. Ed walks back to his truck, praying he can pull this off. Sharon pins a flier to a BULLETIN BOARD, exits -- She tacks another to the TELEPHONE POLE, puts several more under WINDSHIELD WIPERS of PARKED CARS. She rounds a corner, about to go into a NAIL SALON, when she suddenly slows her steps, something across the street catching her eye: She hovers there a beat, staring at it. She looks through the cemetery gates, at a spot in the distance between two trees. Swallows. Then turns, and goes into the nail salon. A half-moon floats over Ed’s house. Ed sits on floor between the girls’ beds, reading to them. He looks over to see Michelle’s already fallen asleep. Ashley is konked out too. He closes the book, gets up, giving them each a kiss. Ed gently shuts their door. Sitting at the dining room table, Ed opens the THICK PACKET. He flips through it. This is going to be a lot of work. LATER -- the SUN comes up. Ed is still working, punching numbers into a calculator. He gets up, puts on a pot of coffee. Ed walks through rows of shrubs and trees, writing down prices for different items. Ed sits at a PUBLIC COMPUTER, TYPING UP his itemized bid and proposed schedule. He flips through a LEGAL PAD where he’s written notes. It’s filled up to the very last page. The place has been transformed. There are multi-colored streamers, pictures of Michelle, bobbing balloons attached to a donation jar. Sharon and Rose set up a coffee station with cookies, donuts, etc. Sharon flips the OPEN SIGN over on the door, props it open, glances out front. The sidewalk is empty both directions. A MAN comes jogging towards. The guy has idea what she’s talking about. Just a jogger, out for a jog. Sharon looks at Rose, worried. Ed opens his bottom NIGHTSTAND DRAWER, digs around, finds an OLD CHEAP KODAK CAMERA. Nothing fancy, but it’ll do. Ed pulls up outside a PRETTY HOME, grabs the CAMERA off his passenger seat, climbs out to shoot some photos. The salon is still empty. Just then, a BIG GROUP OF ROSE’s FAMILY - sisters, brothers, cousins - comes walking in. ROSE’S COUSIN MARCUS (40’s), a big teddy bear of a guy, plops himself down in her chair. Rose’s OTHER COUSIN KELVIN (40’s), an even bigger teddy bear, sits down in Sharon’s chair, drop a $100 in the her jar. Sharon and Rose get to work. Ed drives all around Louisville, shooting his work at VARIOUS UPPER CLASS HOMES. Garden design, lighting, concrete, bricklaying, sod, patio construction... Barbara scoops Mac N Cheese into bowls for the girls. Ashely comes in, sits down, starts to eat. Ashley shrugs. Barbara goes into the girls room, finds Michelle sitting on the carpet, staring into nowhere, in a fog. She nods, but looks very tired. A CITY BUS wheezes to a stop, MRS. ALLEN (80’s) climbs out with the help of her NURSE CAREGIVER (30’s) She notices a LARGE LINE forming outside the salon, popping with customers now. Mrs. Allen marches in to find out. She makes her way through the crowd of people. Sharon looks up from doing a haircut, thrilled by the turn-out. She points to the BANNER with all the info. Mrs. Allen looks over at their assistant Jason, whose folding hair foils. The caregiver can’t protest. Jason looks a little nervous to be thrown in the deep end. Mrs. Allen plops down in the chair. She points to his rainbow mohawk. Jason raises an eyebrow. Okay then. This is happening. The sun is going down. Ed pulls into the driveway, the camera and half a dozen ROLLS OF SHOT FILM on the passenger seat. He cuts the engine. Ed Senior rushes out the front door to meet him, a concerned look on his face. Ed hurries towards the house. Ed rushes down the hallway, into-- Michelle lies on her bed now, limp, Barbara kneeling next to her. Ed kneels down, looks into Michelle’s eyes. They look even more yellow than they did the other day. He makes a quick decision, picking her up in his arms. Barbara gets up, worried. They follow after him through the house. Ashley suddenly looks very worried for her little sister, the “grown-up” act gone. Barbara sees her distress, hugs her. Ed hurries to open the passenger door to load Michelle in the car. But the CAMERA and ROLLS OF FILM are on the seat. He grabs them up with one hand, moves them the BED OF HIS TRUCK, then slides her in. Barbara watches anxiously from the porch. Ed rushes through the EMERGENCY DOORS, carrying Michelle up to the admitting desk. MEDICAL PERSONNEL check Michelle’s vital signs, insert an I.V, try to get a read on things. Ed is at a BANK OF PAY PHONES. Then, hating what he has to say next... Barbara sinks at this news. Then, trying to find a ray of light somewhere in it-- Ed can’t see the bright side right now. Answers simply-- Michelle plays with a STUFFED ANIMAL the children’s ward gave to her, her energy coming back. Ed stands at the BILLING DESK, talking to the CLERK. Ed shakes his head. That’s correct. The Clerk makes a face indicating this will be painful then. Ed takes the punch. Swallows it. Takes out his DEBIT CARD, praying he has enough in the account. Sharon and Rose eat take-out Chinese food in the back of the CLOSED SALON, counting the CASH from the event. They high-five. Rose nods. Yeah, probably not a great idea. Sharon raises an eyebrow. Sharon and Rose clink together TWO MASSIVE ICE-CREAM CONES. They’re sitting on the hood of Sharon’s car, looking at the city lights. Rose smacks her a round hip. They laugh, grin at each other. Then Rose’s expression changes. Rose pauses a sec, then, very honestly-- Sharon cocks her head, not sure what she means exactly. Sharon realizes just how bad she’d gotten. Doesn’t know what to say. Sharon smiles. She likes this Sharon too. Rose nods. She’ll take it. The hottest day yet. Tar in the asphalt bubbles. The girls splash in their PLASTIC SWIMMING POOL, playing with the hose. Barbara watches them from the porch, sitting in front of an OSCILLATING FAN. Opens the neck of her shirt so the air blows down her sweating chest. Ed, dirty and sunburned from today’s landscaping job, pushes a shopping cart down the FROZEN FOOD AISLE, looking at a SMALL HANDWRITTEN LIST OF ITEMS. AT THE REGISTER -- The CASHIER finishing ringing him up. Ed hands her his DEBIT CARD. She swipes it. The machine makes a LOW BUZZ. DECLINED. Ed freezes, remembering the ER bill. He might not have enough money in his account. She replaces them on the shelf behind her, subtracts the money. He nods. She swipes it again. The machine BUZZES again. Ed starts to sweat. He randomly grabs SEVERAL ITEMS, shoving them aside to be put back. The PEOPLE in line start to watch. The cashier starts to get as nervous as he is, hoping for his sake it goes through. She quickly subtracts the items. Ed waits with held breath as she tries the card again. The machine CHIMES. Ed unloads the groceries from the bed of his truck, still steeping in the humiliation. Then he notices something in the truck bed: The CAMERA and FILM ROLLS he put in there when he took Michelle to the hospital. He reaches in to get them, sees: The FILM ROLLS have melted and warped in the day’s broiling heat. All the photos he took, ruined. He tosses down the roll, pissed. He slams the tailgate shut, picks up the groceries, storms up the driveway. Right before he gets to the door, he stops, realizing he can’t take his bad mood inside to the girls. He slowly draws in a breath, trying to get himself to calm down. Ed walks in. The girls are still in their swim suits, doing a puzzle on the floor. Michelle runs over, hugging his knees. Barbara comes in from the kitchen. Ed now notices Michelle’s hands, face, and swim suit are covered in HOT PINK NAIL POLISH. She grins, proud. Barbara takes some of the groceries from Ed, carrying them into the kitchen. Ed suddenly remembers that was an item he put back. She points to the BEEFY GRAVY ready on the stove. Barbara is frozen. The girls look over. Ed exhales, hating himself for losing his cool. He stalks off to his bedroom to calm down for a second. Ashley intuitively understands it’s an adult thing and to stay out of it. Michelle leaves it be. Ed stands by his bed, trying to settle down. Barbara walks in. Ed closes his eyes a moment, hating to be in this situation. He’s right. They’ve all gone broke weathering this, and Ed just stares at the floor, something about her unflappable faith getting to him. Stirring up all of his anger. Finally, he can’t hold it in. Barbara just blinks, not sure what to make of his tone. His eyes are locked with hers, finally speaking all the things he’s been keeping in. He laughs darkly at the absurdity of it. He opens his arms, indicating the actual reality they’re living in. Barbara sees very clearly where he’s at. There’s a LITTLE KNOCK on the bedroom door. She cracks the door, poking her head in. Ed and Barbara exchange a look, no idea who the girls are talking about. Ed opens the door, Barbara behind him. They find Sharon at the threshold. She hands him a THICK ENVELOPE. He takes it, not sure what this is. Ed is speechless. So is Barbara. He doesn’t know what to say. Barbara pulls her inside. Barbara smiles at Ed over her shoulder: How’s that for god “making a way”? They sit around the table, eating stroganoff next to a PILE OF MAC N CHEESE. Ed looks around at all Teresa’s touches. Sharon laughs. Ed shakes his head. Michelle beams, loving that idea. Sharon looks over at Ashley. Ashley grins, liking that idea too. Ed can’t help but notice how great Sharon is with the girls. Barbara and Ed walk Sharon to her car. Ed has to admit the same. Ed cocks his head. Actually. A pretty day. The heat is finally starting to let up. Ed idles in his truck out front. Sharon jogs to the curb, carrying the NIKON. She hands it to him through the window. It’s an old camera, with lots of buttons and gears. Ed looks a little overwhelmed by it. Sharon notices. Sharon shakes her head, hops in the truck. Sharon and Ed walk up to a BEAUTIFUL HOME with gorgeous gardens. Sharon snaps a few photos. The OWNER of the house waves from the porch. Sharon pauses half a second before answering that. Weird way to put it. Sharon re-answers, definitively this time. Ed nods. The sky is purple and gray, the street lights coming on. Ed flips through a PHOTOBOOK where all the pictures have now been developed, and neatly organized into clear plastic pockets. But he’ll take it. That reminds Barbara of something. Barbara shakes her head at the tragedy of it. Ed thinks back on the “not really” comment. It makes more sense now. Sharon sits at her kitchen table with BOLTS OF FABRIC and SEQUINS LAID OUT, figuring out how to sew the skirt and purse for the girls. Ed’s truck pulls in. He gets out, wearing his collared shirt again, the PORTFOLIO and PAPERWORK under his arm, nervously approaches the site manager’s trailer. The Site Manager flips through Ed’s material. Ed waits quietly, anxious. Ed loosens, relieved. They shake hands. A beautiful day. Not a cloud in sight. The girls ready for the FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL. Ashley brushes her teeth while Ed combs Michelle’s hair into two PIG TAILS. He struggles with the rubber-bands, not very good at this. Michelle turns around, stands on her tip-toes to see in the mirror. Her pig tails are lop-sided, bumpy. She scrunches her face, knowing they’re not right. He tries to fix them. Ashley spits out her toothpaste. He hands her the brush. TWO WAFFLES pop up from the toaster. Ed puts them each on a paper plate, hurries to get the Syrup from the fridge. The girls walk in, ready to go. He sets the plates in front of them. Michelle nods, understanding. Ed is still anxious. The DOORBELL rings. He goes to goes open it. It’s Sharon. She holds up the SPARKLY SPINNY SKIRT and ELEGANT PURSE. The girls have already made their way to the door. Michelle takes the skirt, thrilled. Sharon hands Ashley the purse. She puts it on. Ashley looks inside, finds a TUBE of LIP GLOSS. Step-up from the chapstick. Michelle comes out in her skirt, SPINNING. The PHONE RINGS in the kitchen. Sharon leaves, and Ed heads into-- He picks up the phone. Beat as Ed suddenly realizes this is THE call. Ed holds his breath. Ed breathes again. Ed hangs up the phone. Can’t believe it. He stands there a moment, grateful. Looks over at a FRAMED PHOTO of Teresa from their wedding, finally feeling like he’s making good on his promise to take care of the girls. Ed snaps out of it, looks out the window to see the SCHOOL BUS pulling catty-corner to their house. They grab everything they need, hurry out the door. Ed watches the girls make run for the bus, Ashley holding Michelle’s hand to cross the street. His heart expands, feeling for a moment they might just make it through this. Bob Green is outside, directing a couple HARD HATS. Ed walks up, ready for work. Ed follows him, still riding the high of winning the job. Ed stands with Bob by a ROW OF NEARLY-FINISHED HOMES, JUST DIRT surrounding them. Ed jots a note on a little pad. Bob nods. Bob nods again. Ed blinks. It’s a nearly impossible schedule. Ed nods. Okay then. Out of the frying pan, into the fire. Ed’s on the phone, trying to crew up and order cement. Ed hangs up, dials another number. We can see the answer is “no” by the look on Ed’s face. He looks at his watch. Ed and a CREW OF WORKERS lay REBAR under WORK LIGHTS. Barbara peaks out the kitchen window, Ed’s truck still gone as she serves dinner to the girls and Ed Senior. - Ed manning the pump as CONCRETE pours over rebar. --Ed and his crew carrying PIPES for IRRIGATION - FRESH SOIL being off-loaded from the back of a TRUCK --BRIGHT GREEN SOD unrolling on top of dirt - Ed directing his crew where to plant TREES. - Barbara reads the girls a bedtime story in their room. - The block of 6 houses are nearly complete, with manicured bright green lawns. - A TEACHER gives a presentation in front of a blackboard reading “Back to School Night.” Barbara and Ed Sr, surrounded by young parents. - Ed surveys a lawn as sprinkler heads pop up and spray. - Ed working in his office, pulls the last post it note reminder off his desk, tosses it the trash, DONE. Ed’s truck pulls into the driveway. He gets out, lumbers up to the door, bone tired. Ed steps in to see his mom has fallen asleep in front of the TV. He gently touches her shoulder, waking her. Barbara understands he means his absence from the family. They both just look each other, recognizing the irony of it: In order to provide for his girls, he can’t be present to parent them. He heaves a sigh. Not an uncommon conundrum. Barbara nods. Ed disappears down the hall. Orange leaves blanketing the streets. PUMPKINS on porches. It’s Halloween Day. Sharon lies in bed, staring at the ceiling, something weighing on her today. Finally, she pulls the covers off, willing herself up. Rose is dying a CLIENT’s roots when Sharon walks in. Sharon goes over to her station, sees a STYROFOAM CUP OF COFFEE and LITTLE WHITE BAG on her station. She opens the bag -- a couple of DONUTS inside. She’s not sure who they belong to. Sharon looks over at Rose, touched she remembered. Rose pauses, looks over at Sharon. Can see she’s not joking, really means that. Rose isn’t quite sure what the right thing to say to that is. The door CHIMES, Sharon’s client arriving. Sharon goes over to her, the moment lost. HUNDREDS OF PUMPKINS spread out in hay. Barbara watches as the girls run through the patch, searching for their favorites. Barbara struggles to carry 2 HEAVY PUMPKINS, one in each hand, through the dirt parking lot. The girls run ahead. Barbara hurries to catch up with them. Her foot catches in a pot hole, making her roll her ankle and FALL HARD ONTO THE DIRT, the pumpkins rolling away. The girls see it happen, run back to help her. Barbara sits on an exam table, her ANKLE in a BRACE. The girls are crestfallen. What’s Halloween without trick- or-treating? Barbara feels terrible. Sharon is locking up the salon for the night, still struggling against that tug of emptiness she woke up with. As she locks the deadbolt, she glances across the street at the LIQUOR STORE....contemplating it. How much better she’d feel in an instant. Then...the PHONE RINGS inside the salon. She turns the lock the other way, goes back inside to get it. Ed throws his truck in park, gets out. The neighborhood kids are just starting to trick-or-treat. Ed pushes through the door. He sees Barbara in front of the TV, her foot elevated in the brace. He’s grateful, but also really wanted this night with the girls. He heads into the kitchen to make them something to eat. Ed and Barbara finish dinner. Sharon and the girls come through the door. Michelle dumps her plastic pumpkin bucket over, a river of candy pouring out. She appreciates the distraction today. Ed nods his thanks too, but still wishes he got to do it. Ed looks over at his mom. Had no idea she’d make this request. A little uncomfortable with such a big ask. Sharon laughs. Barbara smiles: It’s a plan. Ed is not so thrilled Sharon will be doing the job he feels he should be doing, but what choice does he have? --Sharon rushing off from the salon for her date with the --Barbara in a chair in the kitchen, instructing Sharon how to prepare a pot roast. --Sharon dressed up like a little old lady, playing --Sharon pushing the girls on their backyard swing set --Sharon helping Barbara into the passengers seat of Ed Senior’s car. Waves as they pull out of the driveway. Sharon carefully pours PANCAKE BATTER into a hot pan. Ashley walks in. Sharon scoops the pancake onto a plate for Ashley. Ashley stares at, noticing its FUNNY SHAPE. Sharon grins, proud of her creation. Michelle sits in front of her MICKEY MOUSE pancake, not touching it. Michelle just pokes it with her fork. Sharon narrows her eyes, worried. She feels Michelle’s forehead for a fever. Sharon sits between the girls’ beds, reading them Good Night Moon. Michelle COUGHS. Sharon looks over. The coughing stops. She seems to be ok. Michelle COUGHS again, but this time it turns into a COUGHING FIT. Sharon shuts the book, gets up. Michelle’s cough turns into a GAG. BLOOD starts coming out of her mouth. Sharon’s eyes flash with panic. Ashley rushes to the phone as Sharon scoops up Michelle. Ed is down on his hands and knees, working on an electrical unit for outdoor lighting. An ASSISTANT from the construction office runs up. Ed freezes, a cold panic coming over him. He leaps to his feet, calls out to one of his CREW. He takes off. Starts RUNNING. Docs check Michelle’s vital signs, hook her to an IV. A FRANTIC BLUR. A blood-stained Sharon watches, helpless, her arm around Ashley, who looks small and scared. Ed floors it down the highway. Ed bursts through the ENTRANCE, hurrying down the hallway in search of Michelle’s room. Ed flies through the door, sees Michelle in the bed, hooked up to several machines, asleep now. Sharon stands near, Ashley by her side. Sharon is taken aback by his anger. Sharon isn’t sure what to say. Barbara hobbles in on her crutches, Ed Senior behind her. Ed flags down a passing NURSE. Michelle’s pediatric hepatologist, explains the situation. Sharon sits in a chair nearby, eavesdropping, Ashley curled up asleep on her lap. The doc lowers his voice, hating to deliver these kinds Ed sets his jaw, trying not to fall to apart. Barbara brings her hand to her mouth, Ed Senior puts an arm around her, pulling her closer. Sharon looks over at Michelle in the bed, can’t bear the thought. Ed presses his eyes shut. This is all so impossible. This task is so preposterous it’s enraging. Barbara puts a hand on Ed, trying to calm him down. Sharon chimes in, trying to settle things too. Ed looks over at Sharon, then his mother and Ed Senior. He can’t take it anymore and just walks out of the room. The trees are jagged sticks, the air cold and crisp. Barbara and Ed Senior sit in Sunday church service, listening to MINISTER THOMAS’s sermon. She closes her eyes, tuning out the Minister for a moment to pray on her own for Michelle. Sharon talks to Rose as they both mix up hair color. Sharon keeps thinking, determined. Rose sighs, shaking her head, understanding the stakes but having no idea how Sharon can pull it off. Ed rolls Michelle in a wheelchair out to his track, a NURSE rolling the IV POLE next to her. Ed gets Michelle settled into her bed, hooked up to her medical stuff. Ashley pokes her head in, backpack on, ready for school. His heart breaks for her. Michelle sighs, hoping it’s soon. Ed gets up to send Ashley off, trying to be all things to both girls. Ed heads towards the site. Bob Green comes out of his trailer, intercepts him. Ed joins him. Ed shakes his head, surprised. Ed can’t believe it. Flunked for something so minor. Bob nods, not happy, but letting Ed skate on this one. Bob heads back towards his trailer. Ed walks to the site, frustrated. Sharon sits at her kitchen table, a YELLOW PAGES PHONE BOOK open next to her, finds a listing for an AVIATION COMPANY. She dials. Sharon jots that down. She thinks for a moment. How do you find CEOs? She looks down at a BIG FULL PAGE AD in the YELLOW PAGES: FIRST BANK OF KENTUCKY. She dials the number. She scribbles his name down on a piece of PAPER. ALBERT GONZALEZ, mid-50’s, works at his desk. The intercom BUZZES. Sharon makes call after call. “No,” “Sorry” “He’s unavailable.” She crosses off all the names on her list, coming up empty. Sharon curls the gray bubble-hairdo of a WOMAN in her 60’s, listening as she tells a story. A lightening bolt of inspiration strikes Sharon. The woman startles. Sharon spins around, yells across the salon to Rose. Rose gives her a thumbs up. The woman grins, still totally lost. Sharon sits with MR. GONZALEZ’ SECRETARY, showing her photos of Michelle. She has tears in her eyes. ANOTHER OFFICE, ANOTHER SECRETARY-- A THIRD OFFICE, A THIRD SECRETARY-- Sharon’s eyes widen. She’s allowed to talk to her boss like that? Bill immediately APPEARS, all smiles. The secretary smiles proudly. Barbara limps around, making dinner, her foot slowly starting to heal. There’s a KNOCK at the door. She goes over to open it, finds Sharon outside. Barbara lets out a SQUEAL, hops around on her good foot, hugging Sharon. Ashley runs over, joining in their celebration. Ed comes down the hall to see what the commotion is. Barbara’s face is streaked with tears. Ed is gob-smacked. Looks over at Sharon, astounded by what she’s accomplished. Despite himself, he can feel it again: a sliver of hope. CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS starting to go up around town. More homes are finished now. It’s actually starting to look like a tiny neighborhood. Ed oversees a CREW smooth-finishing the cement driveways of THREE FANCY CUL-SEC-SAC HOMES with lots of upgrades. He notices the cement is drying before they can smooth it out properly. The FINISHER slowly lumbers over to get the hose, spray it down. Ed hurries him, knowing how quick this can go wrong. The FINISHER goes faster, a little annoyed. The OFFICE ASSISTANT approaches. Ed picks up the phone. Ed furrows his brow. Suddenly, he can think of only one reason: Something has happened to Michelle. Ed barrels home as fast as he can. Ed peels around the corner onto his street. Sees the NEWS VANS, the FLURRY of activity around his house. Hurries to park. Ed hurries out, pushes through the reporters, up the driveway to his front door. Ed steps inside, sees CAMERA CREWS set up filming Michelle in an INTERVIEW, Sharon and Barbara looking on. Barbara shushes him to be quiet for the crew. Sharon looks over at Ed, holding up a pair of CROSSED FINGERS that her idea will work out. Ed is seething. AMY CHAN (30’s), reporter for the local radio news station, suddenly realizes who he is. The OTHER REPORTERS overhear this, and begin to DESCEND ON ED. He backs away, inundated, not liking this at all. He turns around, leaving. Barbara and Sharon exchange look, not sure why he’s so upset... Ed pulls back up back to the site, gets out of his truck, still upset. He hurries back to the driveways, finds Bob Green standing near them, frustrated. Bob points to the sections of two driveways. The cement looks sloppy, inconsistent. Ed’s eyes fall shut. Exactly what he was trying to make sure wouldn’t happen. A colossal mistake. Huge. Bob walks away. Ed stands there, gut-punched. Michelle is asleep in her bed, tuckered out from the big day with news crews. Sharon adjusts her pillow a bit, makes sure all her machines are working as they should. Then softly closes the door, goes out to-- As she comes down the hall, Ed comes through the front door. Ed doesn’t say anything. Sharon can’t believe the outpouring of generosity. It’s Ed quietly nods, then turns, looking her right in the eye, furious. Sharon is thrown by his tone. Sharon doesn’t know what to say.  all over the TV?! He gets in her face, boiling over. Sharon is frozen. Can’t speak, tears gathering in her eyes. She quickly gathers up her stuff to leave. Ed watches her go. Sharon rushes to her CAR, tears falling down her face now. She gets in, slams the door, starts the engine. She’s about to drive off but looks over to see: The PURSE she made for Ashley, on her passenger seat, accidentally left there during an outing. If she’s never going to see them again, she has to give it back. She grabs it off the seat, gets out of the car-- Ed turns around to Sharon coming back up the driveway. She sets the purse down, about to turn and leave again, but then-- Ed turns around to face her. She pauses, finding these next difficult words... She’s never said this out loud, doesn’t know if she can bring herself to... She shakes her head at what an awful thing that is to say. All of the conflicting feelings come back. The thought of it still wrecks her. Ed is quiet. Even through the haze of his own emotions, he sees she is stating a central truth. Sharon wipes her eyes. Genuinely scared she’s just broken enough for that to be true. She quietly exhales. Then turns, and walks out. Ed stands there alone for a moment, hearing the silence in the room. SNOW FALLING, gently covered the town in white. A couple weeks have passed. Christmas is only a few days away now. Barbara and Ed senior carry GROCERIES into -- Ed helps his mom with the bags. Ed looks outside. It’s snowing harder now, getting windy. He goes to the BACKDOOR, gestures to Ashley and Michelle, PLAYING IN THE BACKYARD SNOW. Michelle looks skinnier, paler. She still has her spunk, but the disease is taking its toll. The girls shuffle in as Barbara is putting away food. Barbara throws a look to Ed, knowing they’ve had a falling out. Barbara gives Ed a look: Why are you doing this? He brushes it off, not wanting to get into it right now. Snow barrels in from all directions. Officially BLIZZARD conditions. The house RATTLES against the howling wind. Out the windows, it’s a TOTAL WHITE-OUT. The girls huddle closer to Ed, a little nervous, the family gathered around the TV, watching the NEWS. Even Ed Senior has never experienced mother nature like this. Barbara gets up, goes in to answer it. As Barbara listens, her expression slowly begins to fall. She looks as if her legs might crumble underneath her. Finally... She hangs up the phone, just stands there, staring out the window at the ROARING STORM, paralyzed with emotion. Ed walks into the kitchen, notices the state she’s in. Barbara just shakes her head. Can’t bear to say it. Ed Senior walks in, concerned now too. Barbara finally looks over at both of them, musters the words... Ed and his father are frozen as they process this unimaginably bad luck. Barbara’s eyes suddenly pool with tears. Her faith can’t hold her up anymore. Not through this. The girls look over, notice her getting upset. Barbara realizes they’re watching, and hurries into the other room so they won’t see her fall apart. Ed and his father exchange a look. Neither has any words. Ed heads down the hall, into-- He opens the door, finds Barbara facing a corner in the far side of the room, quietly sobbing. He goes to her side. He puts his arms around her. She hates that she isn’t strong for him right now. Tries to stop crying. He pulls her close. That’s the problem. Barbara sighs, utterly defeated. Ed looks down, centering himself. Then-- Barbara can see the conviction in his eyes. And for the first time, it’s his hope buoying her. Sharon’s fiddles with her OLD WALL HEATER, turning it up to full blast. A KETTLE begins to WHISTLE on her stove. She turns off the burner, gets a jar of INSTANT COFFEE from the cupboard. The PHONE rings. Sharon pauses, not expecting to hear his voice on the other end of the line. She can feel his sincerity. Sharon sits up straighter, listening. We stay on Sharon’s face, registering what they’re up against. It’s insurmountable. Instantly, her unshakable determination takes over. She hangs up, her brain hitting warp speed. Ed puts the receiver back, goes to the HALL CLOSET to get the SUITCASE out. Barbara and Ed Senior exchange a look, no idea how they’ll pull this off. Rose pre-heats the oven, dumps a bunch of FROZEN TATER TOTS onto a pan. A BUNCH OF HER FAMILY MEMBERS, including MARCUS and KELVIN, have gathered at her house to ride out the storm. They’re a LOUD GROUP, talking and laughing as they play a game of UNO. Her PHONE rings. Rose drops the bag of tots. She looks out her window at a NEIGHBOR’S CAR buried in a snow drift. Rose quickly grabs a pencil and paper-- Rose hangs up, turns to her FAMILY, yells at the top of her lungs--- They all stop talking at once, look at her, shocked. She reaches into a cabinet, grabs the CITY MAP. Albert Gonzalez sits in his study, reading a GOLF magazine. HIS WIFE peaks her head in. He nods, picking up his line. Beat. Albert looks outside at the blinding snow, the whipping winds. Albert rubs his head, feeling awful about the timing. Albert nods, doubtful, a pit in stomach. Sharon’s on the PHONE with the AIPORT SECURITY now. This moves the needle a bit.  I... I’ll see what I can do. Ed quickly throws everything in a suitcase while Michelle puts her shoes on. Ashely comes in carrying Michelle’s TOOTH BRUSH. Ed throws it in bag, hurries to zip it up. Rose is on the PHONE with Sharon, tracing her finger along the MAP. Behind her, her whole family is now huddled around the TV, watching TRAFFIC & ROAD CLOSURE UPDATES. Sharon takes a deep breath. This is going to be tough. Ed and Michelle are at the door now, ready to go. He helps her into her WINTER COAT. Barbara’s on the phone from the kitchen, yells over to him-- Ed blinks at these directions, knowing just how far out of the way that is. Ed picks Michelle up. Ed Senior pats him on the back. Ed bends over to hug Ashley. Ed musters a sure expression. Sharon’s on the phone, head in her hands, hitting a brick wall trying to get a plane to fly. The secretary is gutted she can’t help. Sharon hangs up, crosses the 4TH PLANE off her LIST OF 5 The PHONE RINGS again. Finally, a win. Ed and Michelle in the truck. Barely crawling. No visibility. He looks out his passenger window, sees several ABANDONED VEHICLES. He knew it would be bad, but this is treacherous. Sharon’s on the phone, the line RINGING. Sharon’s eyes fall shut. She hangs up, looks down at her list of 5 airplanes. Crosses THE LAST ONE off. Then just sits there, gutted. What does she do now? The PHONE rings. Sharon looks heavenward, thanking whoever or whatever made this miracle happen. Rose and her family are still gathered around the NEWS, anxiously watching updates. The whole family MOANS at the bad luck. Sharon’s on the phone, just having heard the bad news, frantically searches her brain for a fix. Sharon sighs, defeated. They’re so close. There has to be a way. Sharon’s eyes suddenly brighten. Getting an idea. They both hang up, getting to it. Sharon looks around, trying to figure out where to even start on a helicopter. She grabs the PHONE BOOK, opens it to the letter “H.” Heating, Hearing Aids, Home Repair... Nothing. She slaps the book closed, needing another idea. As she quietly thinks, she hears the THE RADIO, on in the background for live updates. Suddenly, an idea-- One of the reporters that came to the house to interview Michelle. Sharon quickly finds the number to the station. Amy sits behind a microphone, having just tossed to commercial. A PRODUCER intercoms in. Amy listens as Sharon describes the situation. Barbara, Ed Senior, and Ashley are in front of the TV, seeing the news about the BIG RIG. Barbara looks sick to her stomach. The PHONE rings. She rises to get it. Barbara brightens. Ed senior hurries to switch it on. Barbara and Ed Senior exchange a look, desperately praying for someone to call. Amy looks down at her phone lines, waiting for them to light up. Traffic starts to slow in front of Ed. Soon, he comes to a complete stop. Ed tries to see, but the snow is too thick to tell. He turns on the a.m. radio, tuning it. Ed swallows, instantly realizing the trouble they’re in. Michelle looks a little scared. Ed opens the door, climbs outside to -- He looks behind him, trying to figure out if there’s a way to turn around out here. But he’s totally hemmed in, cars behind him, in front of him, to the sides of him. The people in front are starting to get out of their cars, ABANDON THEIR VEHICLES. His heart sinks. He is stuck here. For who knows how long. Suddenly, a HUGE DECKED-OUT LIFTED BRIGHT ORANGE 4X4 TRUCK with OVERSIZED MONSTER-TRUCK WHEELS comes barreling down the shoulder. It skids to a stop, the doors fling open. Rose’s cousins - - Kelvin and Marcus -- jump out, wave Ed over. Ed nods. Ed has never been so grateful to see anybody in his whole life. He hurries to get Michelle out of his truck. As he pulls her outside, she gets a load of Kelvin’s HUGE CRAZY MONSTER TRUCK. Kelvin grins, proud. Marcus rolls his eyes, still thinks it’s too-much. Ed and Michelle are sandwiched in the backseat now. Ed laughs at the “joke.” Then realizes they aren’t. Ed swallows, all of the relief he was just feeling instantly vanishing. Barbara and Ed are still huddled by the radio, anxious. Sharon is next to her radio too, breath held, waiting. Rose and her family are doing the same thing, losing their minds with all the suspense. Amy looks down at her switchboard. Still not lighting up. She’s sweating too, invested in this. Finally, line 1 starts to BLINK. Sharon LEAPS out of her chair. Barbara and Ed Senior GASP and CHEER. Rose and her family JUMP UP AND DOWN WITH JOY.  ROSE’S WHOLE FAMILY  A HELICOPTER! WE GOT HER A DAMN  HELICOPTER! Minister Thomas’ wife, GEORGIE (60s’), sits near the radio, tearing up from the news. Minister Thomas runs over to listen.  landing.  to land. If you have any ideas, Minster Thomas’ eyes light up. He grabs the PHONE to call the station. Amy sees Line 2 lights up. Barbara’s eyes widen. Ed Senior springs into action. He grabs his coat. Rose and her family all hurry to get their coats on and get to the church. Sharon bursts out her front door, grabs the SNOW SHOVEL leaning against her garage, sprints across the driveway, flings it into the backseat of her car. Ed Senior uses his KEY to open the CLOSED STORE. He pulls EVERY SHOVEL off the shelf, piles them into a wheelbarrow. All around the neighborhood, PEOPLE are coming out of their front doors, hurrying towards the church. Minister Thomas and his wife are already there, rushing to stake off the 100 FOOT AREA. A PORTABLE RADIO sits in the snow, broadcasting updates. Sharon comes running up over a snow bank with her shovel. She drives it into the snow, immediately getting to work. It digs out about a teaspoon of ice. She gets a load of the area they have to clear: IT’S MASSIVE. The SNOW IS WAIST-DEEP. Then, she looks over to see TONS OF PEOPLE coming from all directions. Rose and her whole crew, people we recognize from Teresa’s funeral, salon clients, one of the secretaries, Jason the hair assistant, all sorts of strangers from the neighborhood. Barbara and Ed Senior hurry over, pushing the WHEELBARROW FULL OF SHOVELS, Ashley following behind them, bundled in her snowsuit and wrapped like a burrito in a BIG RED BLANKET. Everyone immediately gets digging. It’s a sight to behold, all these people working together to do the impossible. The HELICOPTER PILOT climbs aboard the AIRCRAFT, prepares for take-off. They’re making steady progress, but it’s slow going. They come up on more traffic, slow to a STOP again. Ed looks at the time, nervous. They’ve made some headway clearing the landing spot, but not much. Everyone CHEERS, digs faster. Sharon looks at the area they have left to clear, realizing that even with all these people, they won’t be able to clear it in time. Just then, the sound of a BLARING TRUCK HORN. Everyone turns around in unison to see... A GIANT PICK-UP TRUCK with a SNOW PLOW ATTACHED TO ITS GRILL. The old lady with the RAINBOW MOHAWK, Mrs. Allen, leans out the passenger window of her son’s F-150.  MOVE THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY!!! Everyone quickly gets out of the way to let them through. They’re still at a dead stop. Stuck. Ed is sweating bullets in the backseat. No, it’s not. But he can’t say that to her. He puts an arm around her, trying to believe somehow it will be. The truck finishes plowing, just as the HELICOPTER comes buzzing into sky above them. Everyone looks to the sky, CHEERING. They all make room, wait for him to land. But the helicopter just hovers overhead, snow blowing everywhere. The minister’s wife turns it up. It guts him to say it. Sharon looks out over the landing area. The blowing snow has already put a sheet of white powder over it, and more is dumping down. The car in front of them starts to move. The guys let out a collective sigh of relief. Ed nods, sweating bullets. The crowd is silent, confused, worried. Sharon is utterly defeated. Every solution, every miracle -- used up. Then... Ashley, wrapped in her red blanket, walks towards the center of the landing area. Sharon watches, not sure. Ashley stops, takes her blanket off, spreading it out over the white snowy ground. She looks back at Sharon. Sharon, not sure, looks up at the Helicopter. A beat. The whole crowd on edge.  I can land! The crowd instantly scatters, running to their homes. --A set of closet doors swing open and a woman grabs a stack of BLUE SHEETS. - A man in his bathroom picks up a stack of PURPLE TOWELS, then spots his PURPLE SHOWER CURTAIN and rips it off the rod. - MINISTER THOMAS is in the church, pulling giant RED CURTAINS down from the windows. -People in the parking lot are taking off their jackets, offering them up too. -Everyone spreads out the FABRICS, making a GIANT COLORFUL PATCH WORK QUILT IN THE SHOW. Sharon looks up at the sky, praying this works. Finally, Amy breaks the silence.  He’s good! He’s good! He can land! The crowd ERUPTS IN CELEBRATION. Barbara nearly falls to her knees, relief all over her face. The HELICOPTER starts to lower down, just as... KELVIN’s MONSTER TRUCK turns the corner towards the church. Ed looks out the window, his eyes going wide. He watches the HELICOPTER descend from the sky, the MASSIVE CROWD gathered around to pull this off. Ed is pinned to his seat, watching. His eyes begin to well up, absolutely overwhelmed. As the chopper touches down, all the BLANKETS SWIRL AND FLY THROUGH THE AIR, blowing in all directions like a rainbow colored dandelion. Kelvin and Marcus cheer, pounding the roof. Ed and Michelle get out of the truck. Barbara, Ashley, and Ed Senior run over. They HUG. Barbara hurries them on their way. Ed picks Michelle up in his arms, runs towards the helicopter, everyone CHEERING. Just as he climbs in, he looks over his shoulder, searching for someone in the crowd... He finds Sharon. Their eyes LOCK for a beat. His, expressing bottomless gratitude no words can convey. Hers, expressing the honor of a thousand lifetimes. Ed turns and climbs into the helicopter. It LIFTS OFF, soaring away through the snowy sky... The image getting lighter and lighter, until it has FADED up to.. A PERFECTLY WHITE SCREEN. And for a moment, everything STILL. SILENT. Then... a SOUND. Barely audible, but unmistakable nonetheless... A slow exhale. And with it, the weight of the world, released. THE END END TILE CARDS & PHOTOS: The transplant was performed successfully just in time. In 2014, Michelle Schmitt earned her college degree. A year later, Ed walked her down the aisle. Sharon, who never misses a family get-together, showed up in a sparkly sequined dress.