The GLOWERING FACE of DENNIS PRICE, 60’s, a CEO in a $3,000 suit. TILT DOWN to find the same glowering face wearing the same suit... only now he’s lying dead in his open coffin. This is his wake. A line of MOURNERS in businesswear pay their respects as they file past. We find RICK and LARRY at the hors d’oeuvres table. A woman, GLADYS, leans in. A few other EMPLOYEES join in. Another guy pulls up his sleeve to show a SCAR on his arm. They all laugh and toast to that. More and more people have joined their circle. Every hand goes up. Someone cranks up CLUB MUSIC and the crowd begins to celebrate as Larry leans over Dennis’s body. He slams shut the coffin lid as we MATCH CUT TO: DENNIS’S FACE. Only he’s alive. He looks around the bland corner office, confused. He’s seated across the desk from an empty chair. A door opens and SATAN enters from his private bathroom. The prince of darkness is a slick, sharply dressed figure. Think Jon Hamm with fucked-up eyes. He holds out his hand but Dennis ignores it. Satan and Dennis are suddenly standing in the biggest, dankest file room you’ve ever seen. He gestures to an infinite series of piles that stretch up to the ceiling in all directions. And with that, Dennis bolts through the door. Dennis finds himself in a massive office filled with infinite cubicles. He starts running down the hall passing identical GHOULISH EMPLOYEES that sit mindlessly at their desks. But something makes Dennis stop dead in his tracks. Fifty feet ahead of him stand THREE TERRIFYING HELLHOUNDS: PHOBOS, very dumb, MORPHOS, slightly less dumb, and leading the trio, BUB (think Rocket from “Guardians of the Galaxy”: cocky, quick-witted and surly... but with a soft side). They growl monstrously, their eyes glowing a demonic red. Dennis darts into the rows of cubicles in an attempt to lose them. Morphos and Phobos race after him. But Bub hangs back. ON DENNIS as he crouches behind dividers and crawls under desks. He peers up to see the dogs sniffing around nearby. Dennis spots an elevator and army crawls toward it. While Phobos and Morphos search cluelessly around the room, Bub clambers up onto a file cabinet, giving him a bird’s eye view of the room. His eyes narrow as he sees Dennis. At last, Phobos and Morphos spot the man and BOLT toward him. But the elevator doors close just in time and the two dogs SLAM FACE-FIRST into it. Both dogs go down hard. INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS Dennis turns to find Bub waiting for him in the elevator. And with that, Bub POUNCES on a terrified Dennis as we tilt up to see every floor the elevator goes to is “13.” Phobos and Morphos stand opposite Satan with their ears back. Behind the Dark Lord we see countless monitors showing different HUMANS being tormented in their own person hells: a man in a room full of clowns, a woman in a dentist’s chair, a guy in a room filling with water. Another screen shows FOX News. They turn to see Bub, dragging a disheveled, screaming Dennis by his ankle into the room. Satan crosses off. Phobos and Morphos can barely contain their jealousy. He grabs Dennis by the ankle again. The man resumes screaming as Bub drags him out. A cold, modernist mansion with minimal furniture, sharp edges and polished concrete floor. Lots of Damien Hirst skull paintings. Satan sits in a lounge chair eating a questionable looking burger while Wagner’s “Flight of the Valkyrie” plays in the background. Bub eats his own dinner from a dog bowl. The piece ends and Satan claps. WE REVEAL that RICHARD WAGNER is sitting at the piano. Wagner sighs and begins playing again. Bub glances up at Satan and gathers his courage. Satan regards Bub, a bit concerned. He crosses over and CHOMPS down on the composer’s leg. Wagner weeps quietly as he resumes playing. Satan claps his hands gleefully as Bub continues biting. The dog is relieved that his master has forgotten his odd behavior. WE MOVE OUTSIDE THE WINDOW to Satan’s Neutra-style house sits on the peak of a nightmarish mountain overlooking a Hieronymus Bosch-like hellscape. Phobos and Morphos peer in at the seemingly idyllic scene. Bub is asleep by the fire. His legs run in his sleep. Bub wakes up to see Morphos and Phobos tapping on the window. Bub sighs and crosses to them. Phobos nods sheepishly. Morphos and Phobos exchange a resigned look. Bub grins as he walks beside a wet and unhappy looking Morphos and Phobos. Around them, craggy salt flats stretch in all directions. Up ahead, a BEAM OF ENERGY FLOWS UPWARD FROM A CRATER in the ground, disappearing into the clouds above. He looks over the edge of the crater and peers down at the energy flow. Morphos and Phobos share an evil look. Bub turns back just in time to see the two dogs charging toward him. It’s too late. They slam into Bub. He falls backwards into the flowing energy which catches him up and yanks him violently into the sky. There’s a beat. Traveling through the wind tunnel-like portal, Bub screams. His body slowly morphs into that of a MORTAL DOG. It’s the scene from “The Goonies” where the group helplessly slides down the underground tunnel. PULL BACK TO SEE we are in A pleasant city park located in the heart of the small town of HOPEWELL JUNCTION. A large group of PEOPLE on blankets watch “The Goonies” on a screen. Several yards away, a low fence cordons off a steaming TAR PIT. Several large FIBERGLASS DINOSAURS stand beside it. TOMÀS (40’s) drives. He’s a nice, positive guy but there’s something sad in his eyes. With him are his two daughters: GRACE (15) moody and sarcastic, dressed in black, blue highlights in her hair, and JENNI (12) eager to please, sits shotgun, a hamster cage on her lap. The van is packed with their belongings. A hipster couple in their 20’s, ENID and FINN, watch “The Goonies.” He takes a knee and opens a ring box. There’s an ALMOND inside. But before she can answer, there’s a commotion as BUB FLIES OUT OF THE TAR PIT/PORTAL and lands, covered in tar, on their blanket. Finn and Enid find themselves splattered with black goo. Bub does his best to shake off the tar, splattering them even more. We can see that Bub LOOKS DIFFERENT here on Earth. In place of the vicious hellhound, he is now rather adorable. He looks around, realizing where he is. His words come out as ADORABLE BARKS. He can no longer speak. **NOTE: We hear all ANIMAL DIALOGUE in V.O. as thoughts or as conversation between animals.** He SNAPS at her hand which she pulls away. Bub runs through Enid’s legs and bolts toward the tar pit. He leaps into the goo. But instead of being transported back to Hell, he just starts to SLOWWWWWWLY SINK into the muck. The tar is now almost up to his nose. Several well-meaning PEOPLE gather at the sight of this helpless, yipping pup stuck in the tar. Enid and Finn run over. She tosses one end of her big, stupid hat to Bub who grabs it in his mouth. Enid pulls him to safety. The moment he’s on solid ground, he BITES HER HAND. He RUNS OFF, zig-zagging across the park, upsetting almost every movie-goers’ blanket and picnic, leaving a trail of tar in his wake. He looks back and notices one blanket he missed. For good measure, HE DOUBLES BACK AND TRASHES the last remaining picnicker. The tar-covered dog barrels across the street. Confused and overwhelmed, Bub runs toward the first open door he sees. A quaint shop filled with white linens and fluffy pillows. Suddenly, Bub bursts in, smearing the place with tar and racing straight through a display of DOWN PILLOWS. He emerges TARRED AND FEATHERED as he runs back outside. Tomàs and the girls drive across town. Tomàs’s phone rings over the BLUETOOTH. Too late. Jenni has picked up the call. Tomàs wishes she hadn’t shared that. Tomàs sighs. Bub, still covered in tar and feathers, trots down the road. A passing car nearly HITS him. He turns and steps directly into the path of an oncoming vehicle. INT. MINIVAN - CONTINUOUS Tomàs looks up. In the headlights he sees a strange feathered creature standing in the road. Tomàs SLAMS ON THE BRAKES. As the van screeches up toward Bub, he suddenly remembers something. But before he can move out of the way, he’s knocked down by the van as it stops in front of him. INT. MINIVAN - CONTINUOUS He unbuckles and gets out of the van. Grace and Jenni join Tomàs who is kneeling beside a stunned Bub. Tomàs notices a 20-something, gum chewing dude who runs the newsstand has witnessed the incident. Tomàs scoops up Bub in his arms. Bub growls. Grace plucks a feather off Bub’s fur. Tomàs and the girls are joined by the VERY OLD VET, DR. CASEY. BANG! A steel door is slammed shut and a shelter worker, STEVE, leads a leashed Bub down a cold, dark hallway lined with cages. Dogs of all shapes and sizes peer out at the new “inmate.” A Doberman with one eye, SNUGGLES, glares at Bub. A mangy German Shepherd, HEIDI, joins in the heckling. A massive Pitbull, APRICOT, growls. Steve places Bub in a cage with another dog, a shivering little Pekingese named WILLY. The door slams shut behind him. Bub shrugs. Willy shows him a tear in his ear. He nods toward the end of the hall at an ominous steel door with a soundproof window. Bub curls up on a ratty towel. Tomàs’s minivan parks in the driveway of the quaint home. Tomàs, Grace and Jenni get out. He reacts as he finds a woman, KAREN, 30’s, standing inches away from him. She points across the street to an immaculately maintained home. On the porch, a VERY OLD, ANGRY LOOKING WOMAN sits motionless in a rocking chair. The old lady just stares. She pads off silently on the balls of her feet. Grace chuckles. We PAN across the prison-like exercise yard where various dog “prisoners” play with a tennis ball, sniff butts, etc. The three toughs, Heidi, Apricot and Snuggles, stand together glaring at the others. As we PUSH IN to Bub who sits by Willy, we hear: REVEAL Steve the guard is watching “The Shawshank Redemption” on his phone. He turns it off and heads inside. Ignoring him, Bub studies the air conditioning system, following the ducts where they lead. Willy trots after him. Sure enough, Heidi, Apricot and Snuggles notice Bub encroaching into their area. The three larger dogs surround Bub. ANGLE ON Apricot who looks up, caught, having eaten something off the ground. The alpha dogs start growling at Bub. All at once, the three big dogs square off, bickering and then attacking one another. Bub steps back, enjoying the chaos he’s wrought. All the dogs on the yard, including the three who were fighting, stop and turn to Bub. Simultaneously, every dog ear lays down flat, submissive. Grace unpacks boxes as TOMÀS enters. There’s an awkward silence. TOMÀS is desperate to break Grace out of her despondency. TOMÀS sighs and exits. After a beat, Grace takes out a jewelry box. Inside is a PENDANT encrusted with a striking PURPLE GEM. She opens the pendant to reveal a PHOTO of herself with her mom, ISABEL. Both are jamming on guitars and laughing. She sadly closes the pendant and puts the chain around her neck. Tomàs is on a ladder painting the room when Jenni enters with an open laptop. She turns the computer around to show him the website of the Hopewell Junction Animal Shelter. It’s a photo of Bub beneath the heading: “SOON TO BE EUTHANIZED” Tomàs sighs. Bub and Willy are in their cage as are the other dogs. A Cockapoo, BIJOU, across the room glances at Bub and the hellhound nods. Bijou begins HOWLING at the top of her lungs. We hear a BUZZER as the door opens and Steve enters.  GO CRAZY TO DISTRACT YOU! But of course all Steve hears are the yips and wails coming from the pooch. He hits ONE OF SEVERAL BUTTONS HIGH ON THE WALL and Bijou’s cage springs open. Steve removes Bijou from the cage and closes the cage door, failing to notice that Bijou’s cellmate, a Dachshund named BARRY, has stuck his little paw in the door, preventing it from locking. As Steve examines Bijou on an exam table, Barry slips out of his cage and crosses to an open toolchest on the floor. Barry picks up a HAMMER and shows it to Bub. Barry puts down the hammer and picks up a pliers. Barry puts it back. Picks up the hammer again. Finally, Barry picks up a screwdriver. But Steve is almost turning back around. Barry trots back into his cage just as Steve returns with Bijou. He notices the open cage but fails to notice the screwdriver in Barry’s mouth. Steve exits the room, the door locking behind him. With his mouth, Barry passes the screwdriver through the bars to his neighbor. That dog passes it to the next cage and so on. It makes its way to a beagle who holds it in his mouth, confused. Then he passes it back in the wrong direction. The beagle turns around and gives it to the other neighbor. Finally, the tool reaches Heidi, the German Shepherd, who holds the handle out to Bub. Bub grabs it with his mouth but Heidi refuses to let go. Bub finally stops trying. Instantly, Heidi drops it in his cage. Bub sighs and is about to start unscrewing the screws in a WALL VENT, when he hears, Bub quickly sits on the screwdriver as Steve escorts in a young BOY and his MOM. The pair look in at the beagle. Bub’s yip brings the kid to his and Willy’s cage. Steve presses the button, opening their cage. He hands Willy to the boy. Willy licks his face. The kid hugs Willy. Willy is in heaven. Despite his disdain, we get an inkling that Bub is a little jealous of the affection he’s witnessing. The humans exit with Willy. Bub goes back to unscrewing the vent, which he accomplishes by holding the screwdriver in his mouth and repeatedly ROLLING OVER. At last, the vent cover falls away and Bub climbs into the vent. Bub squeezes his way through the ducts, climbing up a slope until he finds himself at another vent. Using his feet, he kicks loose the vent and peers out. Bub is now looking down on the room of cages where he began. On the wall directly below him are the SWITCHES that open the dog cages. The dogs answer in a cacophony of nonsense:  I’m hungry!/My name is Mike!/What’s He steels himself, then leaves the vent, SLIDING DOWN THE WALL, hitting as many of the buttons as he can. By the time he lands on the floor, most of the cages have sprung open. Steve reacts as he hears a chorus of barks echoing from the cage room. He buzzes open the door and his eyes go wide as he sees: FIFTY DOGS CHARGING AT HIM IN SLOW-MOTION. They barrel over him, knocking him to the floor as they run to the exit, Bub among them. The dogs burst out of the shelter and head in all directions. Bub finds himself running alongside his three erstwhile foes: Heidi, Snuggles and Apricot. Heidi and the other two laugh as they veer off into the woods while Bub continues toward the nearest road. Tomàs drives with Jenni. Tomàs suddenly notices Bub running across the road, directly in the path of the van. He SLAMS ON THE BRAKES once again. The van stops inches from Bub. The Peña’s hurry out of the van and find Bub unharmed but pissed off. Before Bub can run off, Jenni scoops him up. Tomàs is charmed in spite of his misgivings. Jenni carries him to the van. A passenger, REGINA, 50’s, wakes up in a airplane seat, jostled violently by BAD TURBULENCE. Looking around, she sees she’s the only passenger. A flight attendant wheels up a drinks cart. REVEAL it’s SATAN in a airline uniform. The terrified woman runs out of her row and stumbles down the aisle. She turns and sees Phobos and Morphos barking and running behind her. She reaches the lavatory at the rear of the plane and frantically tries to open it but the door is locked. But before the two dogs reach her, they slow to a stop. They both begin to dry heave from air sickness. As the damned woman watches the dogs heave and stumble around in the aisle, her fear gives way to confusion. Satan fumes. Phobos and Morphos exchange a nervous, nauseous look. The minivan pulls into the driveway. Tomàs, Jenni and Bub head inside. REVERSE to find Karen peering out of her window across the street. Her eyes narrow at the sight of a dog. After a moment, her ancient mother, also Karen, leans in behind her. Her eyes narrow as well. Tomàs and Jenni bring Bub inside. Bub takes in the cozy decor. Grace enters. She exits with Bub. Tomàs’s cell phone rings. He looks at it and steels himself. Tomàs’s in-laws, CARMEN AND FRANCISCO, a well-off, 70- something couple in a stylish apartment share the speaker phone. Tomàs forces a laugh. Grace rolls her eyes. She doesn’t like to see her dad emasculated. She goes. Off Tomàs’s frustration, Jenni is enthusiastically showing an indifferent Bub around her room. She holds up an adorable female ventriloquist dummy. She nods to the hamster cage where Sebastian is running on his wheel. He’s a twitchy, hyperactive spaz. Think the voice of Charlie Day. As she continues to prattle on, Bub ignores her and speaks with Sebastian. The hamster frantically pushes his wood chips from one corner of the cage to the other. He finds a single sunflower seed. He pops it in his mouth and shudders with ecstasy. He leaps into his hamster wheel and runs like a lunatic. Bub glances from the frenzied hamster to Jenni who continues to enthusiastically describe her room. Sebastian switches directions in his wheel and runs again. Finally, he hops off. He goes. Both Bub and Jenni call after. Bub walks down the hall to Grace’s door which has a SIGIL OF BAPHOMET (a Satanic star) taped to it. He nudges open the door and enters. Bub pokes his head in. The room has a goth theme: black curtains, posters for punk bands. Grace is on her bed, ear buds in, fiddling with the pendant of her mom. She doesn’t hear him so Bub JUMPS up onto her bed, startling her. Bub’s eye is caught by the UNIQUE DARK PURPLE STONE inset in the pendant. He sniffs it. She takes the pendant and places it carefully in a jewelry box on a high shelf in her closet. He spots her laptop on the desk. He trots to her desk, jumps onto her office chair and begins pawing at the computer. She closes the laptop and shoos him away. They have a brief stare-down. Neither flinches. She sticks her tongue out at Bub. He sticks his out at her. Curious, Grace suddenly jumps at him with her hands out... Bub gets up on his hind-legs and barks back at her. Grace is fast asleep in bed. TILT DOWN to find Bub fast asleep on the floor. After a beat, he SNORTS and wakes up. He moves quietly to the desk and the laptop. Using a pencil in his mouth, he begins to type a search: The results pop up. He clicks on one and reads the page. He scrolls down to a PHOTO that shows the distinctive purple stone. It’s the same kind as the one on Grace’s pendant. He turns to the closet where she placed the piece. He shuts the laptop and quietly slinks over to the closet. He tries to jump up, but the shelf is way too high. He tries climbing up her hanging clothes but THE ROD BREAKS and he tumbles back down. Grace stirs but doesn’t wake up.  I need something tall. Bub spots a small side table beneath the open second-story window at the end of the hall. He puts his paws on the top of the table and tries to pull it toward him. The table tips in his direction, then tips back, caught by a childproofing strap. Framed photos and a couple vases fall out the window, crashing to the ground. Across the street, a LIGHT immediately goes on in Karen’s house. She appears at the window with binoculars.  You childproof the table but leave  the window open. Genius. Bub looks around for something to help him. He notices Tomàs’s ladder, which is covered in a number of paint cans. A large box fan sits nearby. Using his teeth, he starts to drag the ladder across the room. As he passes the cord of the box fan, he accidentally steps on the switch, turning the fan on “high.” At the same time, the ladder’s leg hits the edge of the carpet. THE LADDER TEETERS ALONG WITH THE PAINT CANS. The ladder falls and the paint cans with it. The cans pop open as they hit the floor and the whirring fan sends RED PAINT SPLATTERING ACROSS THE ROOM. Karen peers out her window and reacts with horror as she hears a bang and sees what appears to be BLOOD spatter the inside of Tomàs’s living room window. It looks like someone was just shot. She holsters some pepper spray, grabs a Mag Lite and yanks on combat boots as she dials her cell. Paint sprays all over everything, including Tomàs’s soccer equipment. Bub looks at the mess he’s made. He grips the ladder in his mouth and begins dragging it toward the stairs backwards. The metal hinge grinds a divot across the hardwood floor, then tears through more of Tomàs’s equipment. Karen marches across the street toward the Peña’s house like she’s storming the beach at Normandy. Her mother, Karen Sr., Peers out from the from door. Bub struggles as he hauls the ladder up the stairs with his teeth. He’s nearly at the top when he loses his grip. The ladder SLIDES DOWN THE STAIRS like a toboggan. Karen reaches up to knock on the door, but before she does, it is SMASHED OPEN by the ladder. Karen goes flying back off the porch. Tomàs, Grace and Jenni all open their bedroom doors, woken by the noise. They find Bub standing at the top of the stairs. The sun is coming up. Tomàs waves to a police car as it drives off. He joins an angry but uninjured Karen who stands at the door with Grace, Jenni and Bub. Grace regards the broken door and the trashed living room. Seeing how forlorn Jenni looks at the prospect of losing Bub, Tomàs makes a decision. Karen pads away on the balls of her feet. The family enters. Tomàs does his best to shut the broken door. As he throws his soccer supplies into a gear bag, we Satan walks along a perilously high ledge with Phobos and Morphos at his heels. Hundreds of feet below we see a city street. They pass a middle-aged man, HANK, who clings terrified to the side of the building. Satan stops and looks down at the dogs. Phobos and Morphos snap under his glare. Satan grits his teeth with rage and SHOVES BOTH DOGS OFF THE LEDGE. They scream as they fall hundreds of feet till they can’t be heard anymore. POP! POP! Both of them reappear on the ledge. Satan walks away. He SLIPS A RING ON HIS FINGER. It has a BLACK AMETHYST at its center. The dogs scamper behind him, leaving poor Hank to his fate. Tomàs holds Bub on a leash as the girls get out of the van and head toward the building. Jenni carries her dummy, Lulu. Bub stares up at the PENDANT Grace is wearing. He jumps up on Grace, trying to reach the pendant. Tomàs hands her a Post-It. Jenni sees that her dad is stressed out. As they near the building, he looks up and sees a giant statue of the school’s mascot: BERNIE THE ST. BERNARD. It’s a caricature with floppy ears and a silly long tongue. They reach the door. Jenni gives him an enthusiastic high-five. Grace grimaces as she gives a begrudging one. Tomàs rushes out onto the field. He carries his gear bag. A first period P.E. class of 12 year-old STUDENTS are already waiting. Another kid raises his hand. He unzips his gear bag and begins tossing jerseys to the students. As the kids unfold the jerseys, they react with horror as they see they are all torn up and SPLATTERED WITH BLOOD-LIKE RED PAINT thanks to Bub’s exploits the previous night. Bub’s leash is tied to a metal coat rack in Tomàs’s new office alongside the gym. Among the jackets and uniforms is the school’s MASCOT COSTUME: a large-headed Bernie the St. Bernard. He strains against the leash and the coat rack moves slightly. He pulls harder. Finally, the rack topples over. The end of the leash yanks free... but KNOCKS LOOSE THE MASCOT HEAD WHICH LANDS DIRECTLY ON BUB’S. He can see through the eye holes but can’t shake it off him. Bub walks down the hall wearing the oversized cartoon head. He peers in a few classroom windows but can’t find her. A JANITOR turns a corner, heading his way. Bub ducks into a storage closet, then realizes the mascot dog’s nose is caught in the door. At the last second, he yanks it inside. The janitor passes, none the wiser. Grace sits bored in English class as her teacher, MR. ANDERTON, is giving a lecture on Dante’s “Inferno.” Grace looks at her fellow students. They all appear very “normal.” One girl glances over at her. Trying to make a connection with her, Grace nods to the teacher and makes a “sleeping” face. The other girl frowns, not amused, and goes back to taking notes. Just then, unnoticed by the students, the Bernie the St. Bernard head pops up in the window of the door. Grace looks around at the quiet yip. There’s something familiar about it. Sure enough, she spots Bub, wearing the giant mask, jumping up and down outside the door. She raises her hand. Grace removes the mascot head from Bub as she hurries him down the hall. Bub looks at her with pleading eyes. He “points” with his paw at the pendant. Bub seems to be finally getting through to her. But just then they are interrupted: They turn to see three teens, CODY, LINDSAY and OWEN, sitting under the stairwell, ditching class. Their uniforms are untucked. These are clearly the “bad” kids of the school. Grace looks down at the mascot head under her arm. During the following, Bub tries repeatedly to jump up on Grace and grab the pendant. She shoves him off. They laugh. Grace chuckles awkwardly. Grace hunts for something she can say to impress these kids. The kids stare at her for a beat, then laugh. Bub jumps up on Grace again. She hands over her phone. Grace is pleased. Maybe she’s found a clique. Jenni sits at a table with Lulu, her dummy, practicing her act. She suddenly hears WHISPERS and looks up to see several kids are staring at the new girl talking to her wooden doll. Self-conscious, she stuffs Lulu in her backpack. A HOMELESS MAN sits with a cup of coins in front of him. His cardboard sign reads “Spare Change?” He looks up as he sees bubbles forming on the surface of the tar pit. Suddenly, THREE HEADS EMERGE from the goo: one human, two dog. The black forms rise eerily from out of the black liquid until we can see it’s a NOW-MORTAL SATAN with his two mortal dogs, Phobos and Morphos. Their eyes have lost their demonic glow. The tar-covered trio walk calmly past the Homeless Man. Satan regards his sign. Satan empties the coins into his hand and continues on. He looks down at his filthy suit. He notices an OLD NAVY store nearby. Satan emerges from the store wearing a slim-fit bright blue polo shirt and a pair of tapered khaki chinos. Morphos and Phobos marvel at his new look. Satan doesn’t respond. The two dogs laugh. They laugh some more. Satan notices a trail of dog tracks on the sidewalk leading out of the linen store. The dogs shake their heads. Satan follows the tracks into the street where they abruptly end. He looks around and sees the newsstand and the gum-chewing dude from earlier. He heads over. Satan gasps. Satan notices a newspaper headline: “SINKHOLE KILLS DOZENS AT KLAN RALLY.” He heads off. Grace stands with Bub alongside a few other DOG OWNERS and their pets. The trainer, ROLAND, 40’s, soft-spoken but intense, holds court. Bub looks down the line of dogs. Most of them gaze up at Roland attentively. Grace shrugs and removes her pendant. She zips it into a pocket of her backpack and sticks it in a cubby by the house. Bub immediately goes for the backpack but Grace pulls on his leash. A golden retriever, ROXY, hears him. A shivering teacup Pomeranian, JASPER, chimes in. An ancient bulldog, LOUISE, speaks up. Bub considers this. This is uncharted territory for him. A SHIH TZU, TAMBORINE, proudly trots up. Roland takes a TREAT from a pouch on his belt and places it on the dog’s snout. Suddenly, Bub steps forward and eats the treat off the other dog’s nose. Grace steps forward with Bub. Roland holds a treat in his hand. Bub gulps down the treat from his hand. Grace and the other dog owners chuckle. Roland smiles patiently. He takes another treat from his pouch, this time holding it higher above Bub’s head. But Bub jumps up, using Tamborine’s back like a springboard, and snatches up the treat in midair. Roland’s smile gets a bit tighter as he takes another treat from his pouch and holds it even higher. Bub head-butts Roland in the crotch. The trainer doubles over and Bub grabs the treat. Roland stands up, clearly annoyed now. He takes out another treat from the pouch, grips it tightly with one hand and holds the other protectively in front of his groin. Bub suddenly looks past Roland and BARKS WILDLY. Roland turns to see what Bub is barking at. Bub lunges forward, grabbing Roland’s belt pouch and yanking it down. Treats fall everywhere as the trainer’s pants fall to his ankles. Roland lands on his hands and knees as Bub mounts him from behind and begins vigorously humping away. Grace laughs in spite of herself. The dog owners and their pets have broken into small groups to practice on an obstacle course. Roland, pants back on, stands with Grace and Bub. He looks around the yard, seeing dogs and their owners happily bonding as they build trust. He makes a decision. And with that, he runs over to the obstacle course, EFFORTLESSLY ACING EACH CHALLENGE. He climbs a ramp, slides down a slide, slaloms the training poles and jumps through a series of hoops. Grace and Roland watch with shock. Bub returns and nudges Roland’s treat pouch. Tentatively, the trainer holds out a treat. But instead of eating it, Bub flips it up onto his own nose and waits. He sits and rolls over, balancing the treat as he goes. He holds out a paw to Grace. She shakes it. He offers the paw to Roland. Blown away, Roland shakes his paw. Grace looks at Bub, For the first time, Bub doesn’t hate being called this. Grace can’t help smiling as she walks Bub in his new red service dog vest home. Bub sings to the tune of Kool and the Gang’s “Celebration.” As they pass Karen’s house, they see the nosy neighbor and her mother peering out. Grace smiles and waves insincerely at the Karens and points to Bub’s new vest. The Karens grimace and close the blinds. Tomàs arrives home and gets out of the van. He looks curiously at a Mercedes parked in the driveway. Tomàs enters. Tomàs turns, surprised to see his in-laws are sitting with the girls and Bub in the kitchen. They exchange cordial hugs. Tomàs pushes the button on his answering machine. BEEP! Tomàs looks at his in-laws, embarrassed. Tomàs stops the machine. Francisco and Carmen share a concerned look. Jenni jumps in to defend her dad. Grace shrugs. They exit. Grace is getting ready for bed while Bub sits on the floor eyeing her backpack. She turns away, giving Bub the opportunity to reach for her bag. He starts to unzip the pocket with his mouth, accidentally knocking over her guitar that leans against the wall. She picks it up. Stares at it for a beat, lost in memories. Forgetting he’s there, she sits on the bed and starts noodling around. She plays the opening bars of “The Wind” by Cat Stevens. Even Bub can’t help getting caught up in the melody. She finishes and puts the guitar back. She sighs as she gets into bed and switches off the light. After a beat, She pats the bed. He looks from her to the backpack. He jumps up onto the bed. Grace puts an arm over him and scratches behind his ear. As Grace drifts off, Bub sighs with pleasure. Seeing Grace is asleep, Bub carefully shimmies out from under her arm and quietly steps down onto the floor. He goes to the backpack and unzips the pocket. He fishes out the pendant. It’s purple stone glimmers in the dim light. He slips it into a pocket on his vest and zips it shut. He moves to the door, glancing back one last time at Grace. Grace stirs as her cell phone vibrates on her night table. Bub freezes as she wakes up and looks at her phone. INSERT ON A TEXT from Lindsay: “Hey, it’s Linsday from school. If ur awake come meet us at Cody’s house. 233 Lester Court. Should b fun.” Grace considers for a beat, then looks at Bub. Lindsay escorts Bub and Grace down the stairs to a finished basement rec room where Cody and Owen are playing quarters with red Solo cups. NOTE: We never see any of the teens actually drinking beer. An overweight yellow lab, BARF, shambles in with a hard rubber bone in his mouth that he begins chomping on. As Grace joins the others, Bub sits impatiently with the lab. Bub watches him slobber over the fake bone for a beat. He looks over at Grace, perhaps a little concerned for her. The others laugh. Lindsay offers Grace a Solo cup. Bub’s hackles go up. His new connection with Grace has triggered a long-dormant protective instinct. The kids look over at the barking dog. Grace reluctantly takes the cup, but before she can sip, Bub’s bark becomes even louder. He starts to SCOOT his butt along the rug. Cody tosses a couch cushion at Bub. But Bub dodges it and then tears into it, pulling out stuffing. He barks some more. He squats down, preparing to poop. Grace puts down the cup and jumps to her feet. A cup of beer spills onto her sleeve. She grabs Bub and stops him from defecating. Grace looks down at Bub. She’s actually relieved he’s getting her out of there. She takes his leash and leads him up the stairs. Grace and Bub quietly sneak into the house as the sun begins to rise. Grace tip-toes inside. She turns to see her grandparents, in pajamas, sipping coffee. Before she can answer, Tomàs comes downstairs with Jenni. The girls head upstairs. Grace looks back at Bub. They exchange a sad look. As Tomàs continues to defend himself against Francisco and Carmen. Bub quietly makes his way toward an open window. He is just about to climb out when, Tomàs turns to see Bub halfway out the window. An exasperated Tomàs picks up the dog and sticks him in his crate, locking it behind him. Satan enters with Phobos and Morphos. Old Dr. Casey approaches. The vet leads the two dogs into the exam room, leaving Satan alone. Satan crosses to the computer and searches the patient log from two days ago. He scrolls down until he finds an entry: “Male canine, Lucky, struck by vehicle.” Included is the address of the Peña house. Satan walks in to find Dr. Casey holding an intimidating needle over a terrified Phobos. The two dogs look pleadingly at Satan. After a beat, The dogs’ faces fall. Jenni comes downstairs. Grace comes downstairs looking upset. ANGLE ON BUB in his crate. Hearing this, he feels a slight pang of guilt as he glances at the pocket in his vest. Feeling the bad vibes in the room, Jenni holds up her ventriloquist dummy. The family heads out. The front door closes. He shoves his paw through the bars and tries to wiggle the latch open, but he can’t reach. His eyes scan the room, landing on an open BAG OF SUNFLOWER SEEDS on a table. An idea strikes him. He leans toward a wall vent and shouts: Sebastian sits in his cage, manically scratching his ear with his foot a million times. Bub’s voice comes through a vent in the room. He gets in his wheel and starts running. Finally, he jumps out and looks around. Sebastian’s whole demeanor changes. He’s a man possessed. Like a T-1000, the hamster SQUISHES its face between the bars of the cage. He grunts sharply as his skull and body compress impossibly, allowing him to slip out of the cage. He scampers off. The hamster runs down the hall and LEAPS from the top of the stairs, bouncing and rolling down the steps. He lands clumsily. He tears into the living room and sees Bub in his crate. But Sebastian is off, leapfrogging up onto the table and running right into the bag of seeds. Shells fly out of the bag as the hamster gorges himself, moaning in ecstasy. Satan and the dogs walk down the middle of the street, scanning addresses. They arrive outside the Peñas’ home. At last, Sebastian has finished the bag of seeds. He stumbles out, slipping on his own discarded shells. He’s groggy from his “fix.” He takes a step and FALLS off the table, landing on the rug. He cracks up laughing as he rolls around on his back. Still giggling, the hamster comes over to the cage. Through the FROSTED FRONT DOOR WINDOW we can see the outline of Satan standing outside. Sebastian climbs the front of the crate and unhooks the latch. Bub bursts out. The DOORBELL RINGS. The front doorknob jiggles as Satan tries it from outside. As Bub runs toward the rear of the house, Satan peers through the kitchen window. Just as Bub is about to cross into his view, Satan turns at the sound of... Karen has marched across the street to confront this suspicious stranger and his dogs. She films the whole interaction on her phone. Karen reacts to the dog’s growl. Bub climbs out an open window and leaves the house. Sebastian waves down from the window. In the front yard, Satan is still with Karen. Phobos suddenly notices Bub walking a few dozen yards down the street. Hearing Phobos bark, Satan looks. He moves to go but Karen steps in his path. Bub, not hearing him, disappears around the corner. As Satan and the dogs attempt to push past her, she grabs the pepper spray from her holster and SPRAYS SATAN AND BOTH DOGS IN THE EYES. Clutching his eyes, Satan runs off. Morphos and Phobos stumble behind him. The show is in progress. A 10th grade BOY is just finishing his magic performance. Tomàs sits beside Francisco, Carmen and Grace. His in-laws whisper-argue with Tomàs with Grace stuck in the middle. The crowd of parents applauds. Jenni comes on stage with Lulu. The dummy knocks on her own head. The argument is growing louder. Audience members begin to take notice. From the stage, Jenni notices her family arguing. She does her best to stay focused.  going outside. Jenni watches as Grace storms out of the auditorium. She sits on stage, her emotions boiling up to the surface. All these months of putting on a brave face have finally taken their toll. The audience watches, uncertain. Is this part of the act? Jenni pulls Lulu off her arm and shouts at the doll. She throws Lulu to the floor. As Tomàs, the grandparents and the rest of the audience watch in silent shock, Jenni stomps repeatedly on Lulu’s head, DISLODGING HER JAW. Jenni screeches like a wild animal as she PULLS THE ARMS OFF LULU. She then picks up her stool and bashes Lulu until she is no more than a pulp of splinters and stuffing. She stands there for a beat, panting in the spotlight. Then, she sits in the pile of Lulu’s remains and hangs her head. There’s a beat before the audience suddenly ERUPTS IN APPLAUSE. Still on edge, Grace walks into a mostly derelict train yard where Owen, Lindsay and Cody are hanging out on rusty lounge chairs and discarded crates. He nods to a freight train engine approaching from a quarter mile off.  How does this work exactly? He steps up onto the tracks. The train sounds its horn as it nears. Cody does a Fortnite dance on the tracks as the train speeds closer. At the last moment, he jumps out of the way and the train whizzes by. They hear another train off in the distance. Feeling numb and reckless, she shrugs. She steps onto the tracks as the other kids cheer her on. Bub runs down the road, heading to the tar pit park, he passes the rail yard. Glancing over, he’s surprised to see Grace standing on the train tracks.  Grace? The hell’s she doing? Concerned, Bub heads in her direction. Taking a cue from Cody, Grace does her own little dance on the tracks. But as she does, her foot slips and her shoe becomes caught between the rail and the tie. She tries to pull it out but its lodged in there. The train continues to bear down on them. The kids hurry over and try to pry her foot loose, to no avail. Increasingly panicked, Grace looks up at the approaching train. The engineer blows the horn repeatedly. Just then, Bub arrives. He jumps onto the tracks and digs, like only a dog can, into the ballast beneath Grace’s shoe. With the train so close, the other kids freak out and retreat. But Bub stays the course until... He FREES HER FOOT AND THEY JUMP OUT OF THE WAY just as the train reaches them. As Grace and Bub catch their breath on the ground. She throws her arms around him. Words Bub didn’t even know he wanted to hear. But they hit home. He sighs. And with that, he slips out of her grasp and runs off, leaving her confused. After a beat, Grace just looks at the threesome. She’s officially done with these idiots. Bub hurries into the park, passing the dinosaur statues and reaching the edge of the tar pits. He unzips the pouch on his vest with his teeth and pulls out Grace’s pendant. But as he does, the pendant opens and he finds himself looking at the photo of Grace and her mom. He holds the necklace over the tar which takes on an UNEARTHLY GLOW. But he can’t bring himself to drop it in. The dog turns to see Satan, Morphos and Phobos have caught up with him. Bub’s eyes go wide with joy. Bub sets the pendant gently on a stone and runs toward Satan, leaping up and licking him affectionately. But Satan shoves him off. He begins to lead a conflicted Bub toward the tar pit. He turns to find Grace has caught up to him. Satan shows Bub the amethyst ring he wears. Bub stands between the two of them, not sure what to do. Bub turns his back on Satan and starts walking toward Grace. Morphos and Phobos charge Bub, tackling him to the ground. Grace runs to his aid but Satan grabs her. The hellhounds square off against Bub. He tries to run to Grace but is overtaken by the dogs. He’s outmatched by the two. Suddenly, Bub remembers something. He lets out a HOWL that echoes over the town. After a moment, we hear a RETURN HOWL. All at once, the alpha dogs from the shelter, Apricot, Snuggles and Heidi burst out of the woods to Bub’s aid. The big dogs charge at Morphos and Phobos, trouncing the hellhounds. There follows an epic battle that ranges over the backs and tails of the artificial dinosaurs. Finally, the dog fight spills out onto the street. ANGLE ON a pickup truck speeding toward the dogs. The DRIVER spots them and SWERVES to avoid hitting them. The truck goes up onto the grass and SLAMS INTO the largest of the fake dinosaurs, a brachiosaurus. It teeters, then falls... Grace sees where the statue is headed: directly for Bub. Too late. The head of the dinosaur lands on top of Bub, knocking him down. The dogs stop fighting as they see what has happened. Grace runs over to Bub and pulls him free. He’s not moving. But Bub is still. She listens for a heartbeat but hears nothing. Morphos and Phobos exchange a hurt look. But Grace is only focused on Bub. Grace begins to cry. The full weight of her mom, the move, everything is now bearing down on her. Heidi, Snuggles and Apricot maintain a respectful distance as they too mourn the loss of Bub. Satan regards the scene with nothing more than annoyance. He confirms he has the amethyst ring on his finger. As the dogs reluctantly join Satan and walk toward the pit, Grace buries her head in Bub’s fur. Suddenly, the dog TAKES A BREATH. Bub opens his eyes and looks up at her. She hugs him, overjoyed. Without warning, Bub is yanked from Grace’s arms by Satan. But Satan marches forward. The tar, reacting to his black amethyst ring, begins to glow again. Satan steps into the tar as Grace grabs hold of Bub’s hind legs. But Phobos and Morphos, who have yet to enter the pit, look conflicted. Deep beneath their tough exteriors, they too have hearts. Satan shoves Grace back. She falls, momentarily stunned as Satan takes another step into the tar. Bub bites Satan’s hand. He recoils, releasing Bub and falling back into the tar. He disappears into the black ooze. It’s ominously silent. And with that, Bub spits something out onto the ground. It’s SATAN’S BLACK AMETHYST RING. Morphos and Phobos gape at Bub. The hellhounds look at each other, confused. With that, the five dogs happily bound off into the woods. Grace gets to her feet and sees Bub pick up her pendant from the rock he’d set it on. He brings it back to her. Dog and girl head out of the park together. Bub and Grace enter to find the rest of the family waiting. Tomàs runs over and hugs Grace. Bub barks. Grace smiles. The adults are all surprised by her earnestness. They haven’t seen this side of her since Isabel died. Francisco and Carmen nod, humbled by this. Grace looks at Jenni who nods, then at Tomàs. Tomàs gives her a warm smile. He gestures to the still paint-splattered living room. We MOVE DOWN THROUGH THE FLOOR, through miles of earth until we land in Dennis, the scowling C.E.O. from the beginning of the movie, sticks a folder in a filing cabinet. We PULL BACK to see it was the last of the thousands and thousands of piles he had to file. He tentatively opens the door of the room and peeks outside. No answer. He shrugs and slips out the door, as we