 "FREE AGENTS"  OVER BLACK.  We hear HEAVY BREATHING...  It’s too early for birds to start chirping, but not too early  for this determined runner, WILL GRIER (26)-- He breathes  hard with sweat pouring down his face.  As he rounds the corner, a steep hill appears-- Sparking a  fire in Will’s hungry eyes, he puts it in 5th gear, and  SPRINTS all the way to the top...  On top of the hill, he stops for a deep breath. He uses his  shirt as a makeshift towel-- Revealing, a SCAR across his  abdomen. We 360 around Will, and now notice how impressive  his athletic physique is...  Over this image, our title FILLS THE SCREEN--  TITLE CARD: “FREE AGENTS”  SFX PRE-LAP: Alarm Clock, BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP... SLAP!  Vidal drives through traffic, stressed and late. Her mind  races faster than the wiper blades zipping back and forth  across her rain drenched window-- She makes a sharp turn,  and loose papers slide off the passenger seat.  The speeding car resembles a messy locker, with empty coffee  cups and papers littered about. As her eyes look in the rear-  view, they catch an empty toddler car seat in the back...  Will enters his modest home, and walks through the silent  living room. Unpacked boxes and limited decoration show he  hasn’t lived there long. 4V He grabs a remote and flips on the TV. An “ESPN-like”  channel pops on: A REPORTER stands in front of the LA  FOOTBALL FACILITY-- A chyron reads, “LAST DAY FOR FOOTBALL  TEAMS TO MAKE CUTS AND FINALIZE THEIR 53-MAN ROSTERS.”  Will gives it a long stare and shuts it off.  Will peaks his head into a bedroom cluttered with dinosaurs  and monster trucks. He smiles when his eyes find his son,  JAMES (6, socially withdrawn boy with special needs), fast  asleep. He closes the door, and walks down to his bedroom.  Will walks in to find his wife, LISA (26) sitting up in bed  with her eyes closed. He takes a seat on his side of the  bed. She has no words.  It’s the last time, Lis. If I  don’t make this cut--  with the Special Teams unit.  Lisa falls silent and gives Will a look of deep angst.  Lisa grabs a letter from inside the night stand and hands it  to Will. His eyes quickly race through it, fear sets in.  Lisa exits the room.  Lisa readies for breakfast, Will follows close behind.  James walks in shaking off sleep, and Will’s tone softens.  James sits at the table while Lisa pulls it together, grabs a  bowl and some cereal. Will joins her by the cupboard.  They kiss. Will then kisses the FOOTBALL LOCKET around her  neck-- She watches him exit, and kisses the football locket  too. Will smiles, turns toward the front door, and crumples  up the notice she gave him.  In a bedroom fit for a king, CLOSE ON: EMERALD EYES, a MAN  running is reflected back. We hear speeding steps on a  WHIRRING treadmill--  NOW CLOSE ON: SHOES pounding on treadmill. We slowly PAN UP  to reveal: Horrific scars on gigantic ankles and knees. We  PULL BACK to admire this man’s sheer physicality-- Rippling  back muscles, bruised and scarred from battle and time.  He’s a modern day gladiator, but we’ll come to know him as  RUSH DANIELS (38). Behind him, a shapely beautiful Latino  woman, CARLA (25) lays in a opulent silk robe and watches  from the bed. In front of Rush, his AGENT stands nervously..  Rush angrily punches the off button, abruptly shutting down  the high speeding rubber conveyor belt--  He hops off the treadmill, grabs a towel and walks over to a  balcony-- Which overlooks an Olympic sized swimming pool.  The Agent awkwardly steps away as Rush broods. Rush softens  when Carla slinks over and wraps her arms around him.  Will navigates the freeway traffic listening to sports radio.  As he drives, Will notices smoke starting to spew from under  the car hood-- He takes a look at the dash and shakes his  head. The engine temperature light is bright red.  Will ignores the light and turns up the radio...  We’re back with LA QB, Peter Crane.  Will pulls past the SECURITY GATE of the LOS ANGELES FOOTBALL  practice facility. The lot is filled with EXPENSIVE CARS.  Will walks away from his car as the engine rattles and oozes  smoke-- He heads to the building with a DUFFLE BAG over his  shoulder, walking past SLIM SANDERS (32, likable and lanky  veteran tight end), dealing with a standoffish woman, CHARISSE  Slim and his young SON laugh and wave at each other until--  Charisse cuts this father-son moment off by cruelly rolling  up the boy’s tinted window. Slim now turns to her...  Slim watches longingly as she speeds off, defeated.  Will approaches the building, there’s MEDIA everywhere.  Reporters swarm the handsome quarterback/leading man, PETER  CRANE (30s) and follow his every step.  Rush peacocks in colorfully expensive workout gear, diamond  earrings and Oakley sunglasses. Rush can’t avoid the media buzz  either...  Will walks through the noise, going completely unnoticed.  In a busy locker room, Will straps on his pads. Nearby he  notices Slim slumped over and depressed by his locker.  Slim has no idea who he is, but appreciates the genuine  concern.  COACH BRACKNEY (50, aging badly) enters with KENNY DAVIS (25)  his assistant coach, both holding clipboards.  The hitting is fast, hard and punishing.  ANGLE ON - WILL running routes with precision.  Will has good hands and good speed, but the CHEERS always  seem to be for another player, DESHAWN WASHINGTON (26). Then  a WHISTLE BLOWS indicating a break.  Dozens of players have collected for a water break. Among  them, we notice FOUR PLAYERS chatting by a Gatorade barrel--  Rush holds court with Slim and MOUSE (27, Mohawk, a volatile,  wild-eyed cornerback) and JOHN (30s, a stocky full-back).  Will walks up to get water, but he’s blocked by DeShawn. Will  tries to get by, he’s stopped again.  DeShawn turns and faces Will closely.  DeShawn JABS at Will’s shoulder pad. Will pushes him back.  Amid conversation with Slim and Mouse, Rush takes notice, and  elbows Mouse.  Will and DeShawn grab each other’s face masks. Then... 14 The two units run out onto the field. The ball is snapped  and the punter kicks it high into the air... DeShawn waits  to receive the punt.  Will knows this could be his last moment of pro football.  His “nice guy” demeanor is replaced by something darker as he  races down the field... DeShawn catches it and runs forward--  DeShawn makes a move with the ball, but is held up by a  defender-- Then, Will hits him with such merciless force that  DeShawn’s knee SNAPS while contorting from the blow. DeShawn  goes down hard and SCREAMS-- Rush takes notice.  WHISTLES BLOW as DeShawn writhes in pain, holding his knee. His  season is over as trainers hustle over. As Will walks away, a  storm of emotions fill up his eyes. What has he done?  At a conference table Deputy Head DON KIZINSKI (50’s) and a  GROUP OF AGENTS watch Section Chief TED WALKER (60’s) speak  by a projector. It displays photos from a Boston BANK HEIST.  SUDDENLY-- Vidal bursts into the room with a stack of  papers, breathless and disheveled. She takes a seat and  flips through papers.  The lights flick on and Agents stand up to leave.  Walker and Kizinski head toward the door-- Vidal springs out  of her chair to block their path. “WAIT!”.  Agents slow to leave listen in-- Including one unassuming  and hard working agent, DEBORAH HENNESSY (20s). Walker and Kizinski watch Vidal plug her computer into the projector-- A U.S. MAP appears with FOUR red dots labeled: MIAMI, BOSTON, DALLAS and NEW JERSEY. Vidal clicks and images of the crimes appear on the screen. Vidal hands Walker a report, his eyes scan the document.  Footage from MIAMI CCTV and semi-truck DASH CAM footage play  side by side. The action is strikingly similar.  The CCTV and DASH CAM footage simultaneously show a dark  figure sprint out of the frame.  criminals. They’re professionals.  Still doesn’t explain the distance.  Walker and Kizinski exit the room, both oblivious to Vidal’s  disappointment. As the door closes behind them, her  determination burns disappointment into fiery resolve.  Freshly showered FOOTBALL PLAYERS mill about, having fun.  Will walks out of the shower with a towel on-- BANG! A  locker slam spooks Will, he turns to see the stocky fullback  angrily pack his stuff in a bag. Will takes a seat at his  locker, watching Slim and Mouse console John... Another  person cut, gulp. Rush walks up and hands John a gym bag. Will turns back to his locker and minds his own business. He checks his phone to see multiple missed calls from Lisa. Will looks up to see RUSH and almost falls out of his seat. Rush extends a hand and they dap. Rush quietly takes notice of Will’s SCAR on his stomach.  Grier! Coach wants to see you!  Will stands up.  Will daps up Rush one more time, and quickly gets dressed.  WILL approaches the half-open door and sees Coach Brackney  standing in front of his desk. Will puts his back against the  wall and nervously waits. We can’t see who’s the other voice.  Look, I expect you to be mad--  Footsteps approach. Will puts his head down and gets bumped  by the man exiting, S-BULL, (34) a Samoan, thick-necked,  gargantuan lineman swats him aside like a fruit-fly.  Will enters apprehensively and the door closes.  Will arrives and Lisa goes outside to meet him. She raises an  eyebrow... For a moment he looks dejected, then a big SMILE  spreads across Will’s face.  She hugs and kisses him.  Lisa’s LOVING GAZE turns into a look of real CONCERN.  Will’s smile DROPS as he looks inside.  They both walk into the house and open the door to find TOMMY  GRIER (28, a “snake,” muscled and tattooed, with BLEACHED  BLONDE hair), playing with James.  Will approaches. Tommy sees him and they HUG tightly.  The brothers sit drinking beers and Tommy SMOKES intensely.  They raise their beers and clink bottles as Tommy sighs. Will waves the smoke from his face as Tommy shakes his head. Will looks inside, spotting Lisa and James in the kitchen...  The brothers share a quick laugh and take a reflective drink.  Tommy’s eyes well up. He puts his hand on Will’s shoulder.  Walker sits behind his desk talking to Kizinski and Salaam--  KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK. Vidal’s head pops through the door,  Walker waves her in.  Vidal nods and holds up the folder, but holds it back...  Walker shakes his head no. After a tense beat, Vidal  straightens up with nerves of steel, and goes for it.  to lead.  Walker laughs. He can’t help but be impressed by her moxie.  He looks at Salaam then Vidal, and shrugs.  Vidal walks away, barely containing her enthusiasm. Before  she exits Walker clears his throat, “Vidal”, she stops.  With a big smile, Vidal exits and nearly bumps into Hennessy.  She clearly eavesdropped on the whole conversation.  They proceed to walk down the hall with purpose. Agent PHAN  PARK (30s), shy and intelligent approaches from behind.  Off Vidal’s smile, we know who her second team member is.  In a film session with the TEAM, Will is stressed out taking  notes as: Coach Davis rewinds, plays, rewinds, plays, rewinds  and plays the film from practice.  Will, stressed out, leans back and catches eye contact with  Rush...  Will and Rush sit on high barstools sharing a drink. Will gives Rush a hard look. Rush listens with empathy. Rush grimaces and takes a drink...  Rush takes once last drink and slams down his glass.  ANNOUNCER (PRE-LAP/V.O.)  Good afternoon, Sports Fans and  some football!  Cars line the stadium parking lots as we get a glimpse of  tailgaters and pregame rituals.  JERRY DEMARCO (50’s), expensive suit, stands before his team.  Will looks on, focused and inspired.  Put together, “next-level” women wear designer handbags and  flawless diamonds, though their eyes tell a different story.  Lisa wears a cute jersey and jeans combo. She sidesteps to  her seat with James and Tommy.  Lisa’s eye catches a stunning Instagram model-type FEMALE  (20s) adjust her boobs just right for an obnoxious selfie.  Who? What team he play for?  Rush and Will stand ready to take the field.  life for this moment. Live. In. It!  LA races out the field and the CROWD goes wild. As Rush  takes off, Will is frozen, taking in this magical moment. 28 Now time for kick-off. Will lines up with the kick off team  on the 35 yard line... Lisa, Tommy and James all clap and  cheer from the stands as: The KICKER boots the ball.  The crowd erupts and we follow Will sprinting down field  avoiding BLOCKERS. The images and sounds time-lapse into: 29 On the sidelines, Rush stands behind Will and slaps him on  the helmet. 30 HIGH SPEED: Will runs out and lines up for kick-off. Will  looks to the SCOREBOARD... 31 The Kicker boots the ball and we enter Will’s HELMET POV:  Will slaloms through the chaos. He sheds one BLOCKER and  jukes another, THEN a clear lane opens up and there he is,  the BALL RUNNER. With a head full of steam and a clean look--  Will SPEARS the Ball Runner in the ribs, the BALL spills out!  by Grier! Special Teams coming up  with some much needed magic. 32 Lisa, Tommy and James all jump and SCREAM!  A raucous PARTY is underway. The LA players celebrate as  they shower and get dressed. We hear: “Victory Baby!” and “1  and O!”. Will gets slaps on the back and Coach walks up--  Freshly showered, Will walks to the player parking lot while  texting and WHAM! Will gets a playful punch in the shoulder  by, RUSH. On cue the Bronco pulls up and parks-- Lisa and James walk over to greet their football star. Tommy sticks by the car.  6 and he’s obsessed with Rush laughs and watches as: James sprints to Will and jumps into his father’s arms. Lisa follows close behind, Will kisses her then kisses the locket. James shyly buries his head into Will’s chest. Rush inquisitively looks over at Tommy. Tommy waves. Rush’s eyes drift to the small FOOTBALL LOCKET dangling from a SILVER CHAIN around Lisa’s neck. Will and Lisa both blush and laugh. Will and Lisa share a laugh. Rush looks at Lisa and probes. Lisa turns away and walks to the Bronco... Sore subject.  Rush looks at James, then Lisa and back to Will.  Will nods. A few beats of awkward silence go by.  Will daps up Rush and says goodbye. He carries James to the  Bronco... Then Mouse joins Rush’s side. They watch as:  Wills gets in the Bronco and rides off with his family.  In Will’s arms, James is fast asleep wearing a Chuck E Cheese  shirt. He carries James to his bed and tucks him in. Lisa  watches from the doorway with loving eyes and Tommy appears..  Has a connection in construction.  After Tommy leaves, Will and Lisa smile. 36 EXT. SOUTH CENTRAL - CUSTOM CAR REPAIR SHOP - NIGHT  From the shop’s rough appearance it’s safe to say this ain’t  AAA approved. Police sirens and dog barks permeate the air.  Rush steps out of the car, THEN-- A very familiar Bronco  pulls out of the garage. Rush locks eyes with the driver and  sees it’s... TOMMY. The Bronco squeals out, leaving Rush to  ponder, but a high pitched laugh breaks his train of  thought...  Rush turns to see DONTAY (40s, a man with natural menace),  walk out of the garage with a devilish grin. Dontay tosses  Rush a baked potato... Rush catches it, confused, then  follows Dontay through repair shop’s rear entrance.  Lisa drops Will off in the player parking lot with James in  the backseat. PLAYERS and STAFF walk by with their bags.  Lisa shakes her head no.  Lisa agrees, but grips the wheel tight... Something else  clearly on her mind.  figure it out now.  They kiss. Will kisses the locket and backs away, waving bye  to James. Lisa kisses her locket and watches Will leave.  Will, Rush, Slim, Mouse, and S-Bull hang in the VIP section of  a high-end nightclub. Beautiful ladies dressed-to-kill turn  heads as they walk by. Will is the least dressed-up for the  club, and appears the most uncomfortable.  Will nods, thumbs up.  They all “shrug” yes. Then, Rush leans in to Will.  S-Bull tosses Will the keys.  The crew parks in a DARK PARKING LOT. They’re facing a  storefront about 50 yards away with no lights. The mood is  rowdy, almost juvenile, as if they’re about to play a prank.  Mouse hops out of the back and starts dressing. Rush reaches  into a bag and hands out masks. Will is speechless, things  are happening too fast for him to truly process.  Rush hands Will a ski mask and a GLOCK. Will’s shook...  Will watches his teammates slip on ski masks, and load up  sawed-off shotguns... Will’s world starts to spin.  Rush then motions for Will to follow. The Masked Men jog  across the parking lot to the back of a DARK BUILDING...  Rush pulls out a screw driver and approaches a LOCKED DOOR.  CLOSE ON a BUMP KEY in a lock, as the handle of a screwdriver  TAPS GENTLY on the top of the makeshift key and CLICK. 40 The crew enters through the back door, and down a steep flight  of stairs to a basement DOOR. Rush turns to the crew, nods and  opens the door to reveal: 41 A dimly-lit narrow hallway, with a dozen doors on each side...  The eerily quiet hallway is overtaken by the instrumental sounds  of ancient eastern meditation music.  Rush gently opens a door where a half naked pot-bellied  GEEZER lies on a table with his eyes closed. Next to him a  Vietnamese WOMAN in a silk robe gently starts to massage him--  She looks at Rush, who menacingly brings his index finger to  his mouth, and gives her the universal “Shhh” sign. The crew  continues down the dingy hallway as we hear “the moans and  groans” of pay-for-sex, then...  Rush pushes a door open-- It leads to more hallways... Rush  nods at Mouse and Slim to enter.  potatoes...  Slim and Mouse nod, and vanish into the dark hallway, leaving  Rush, S-Bull, and Will at the double doors.  Off that, Rush lines up his foot and BLAM!  Double doors KICK OPEN. The THREE MASKED ASSAILANTS EXPLODE  into the room. Will’s eyes go BIG as:  Startled faces of EIGHT WEALTHY ELDERLY MEN around a green  felt POKER TABLE with LARGE STACKS OF CASH in front of each  player, stare back at them, terrified.  TWO formidable BALD BOUNCERS in suits charge the crew.  S-BULL gives a vicious FOREARM SHIVER that sends one bouncer  off his feet. The giant Samoan follows through and pancakes  the bouncer against the wall.  The other bouncer comes rushing at them with a STUN STICK,  but Rush is too fast. He ducks under the parry, kicks out  the man’s legs and slams him in the groin. Rush picks up the  STUN STICK and JOLTS him.  Player #1 goes for his weapon, but Will’s got him-- Will  points the Glock at Player 1’s temple, who backs away from  the gun. Will grabs the gun and hands it over to Rush.  PANIC ensues throughout the brothel, as Asian WOMEN and their  CLIENTS scatter about in the hallway.  A SECURITY GUARD appears from a hallway, and fires his gun.  S-Bull ducks for cover, and returns aim at the guard. Rush  aims his shotgun at the guard too--  The security guard drops his gun. With the room now secure  Rush moves to the next phase..  Get the van and pull up!  Will takes off and we follow as: Will sprints through the  dingy hallway, and back up the steps. He weaves and dodges  panicked Women and Clients. The half naked Geezer bumps into  Will-- He instinctively SLAMS the Geezer hard into the wall.  Rush orders a guard to lay flat on his stomach.  Gentlemen, what’s the buy-in? 43 Down a hallway, Mouse leads with Slim trailing. They cut  through a kitchen. Mouse spots a camera and BLASTS it on  site. They approach a WALK-IN FREEZER and open it up. They  walk to the back of the freezer... Slim pushes a tall cart  of POTATOES out of the way to reveal: a secret DOOR.  Slim opens the door to a HALLWAY. At the end of the hallway,  a GUARD stands in front of a locked steel door. Before the  GUARD can react BOOM! Mouse blasts his kneecap into  oblivion, he reloads, and BLASTS the door lock off. 44 Rush has everything under control, the poker players  practically pee their collective pants.  Everybody slide back from the table.  The players vigorously shake their heads no. S-Bull now  aggressively packs $2 million into a bag. 45 Will bursts out of the back, sprints through the quiet  parking lot, and hops in the van. He slams the door and  starts the engine... 46 Mouse opens the door to reveal: a room of GIRLS in lingerie  standing around a table of CASH. They stop stacking money  and take cover under the table, terrified.  Slim runs in and starts stuffing a bag with cash. Mouse  walks up to a GIRL who’s shaking, scared and lost-- He drops  a bag in front of her and orders, “Fill it up.” She obeys and  quickly starts stuffing bills into the bag. 47 S-Bull finishes with the money and zips up the bag. Rush  keeps a gun aimed on the poker players as he backs out of the 48 Slim zips up his bag and takes off. The Girl finishes and  zips the bag. She raises up it to Mouse... He shakes his  head, “Take it and go!” Mouse follows Slim out...  *DIRECTOR’S PRODUCTION NOTE, TIME PERMITTING: We’ll see the  escape van pull up to a stop light-- As they nervously wait,  a COP CAR pulls up. It’s a beat of pure tension, then red  and blue lights turn on-- The cops peel out with a U-Turn  and drive the opposite way... PHEW.  The crew sits on beds, happily counting cash, except for Will,  who stands in the corner, enraged-- Rush notices...  Will charges but Mouse intersects and gets in his face.  Will shoves Mouse and throws a punch, but Mouse blocks-- He  dances around like Ali and taunts Will with a wave.  Will stalks forward, cornering Mouse and WHAM! Rush grabs  Will and pins him against the wall. Will struggles as Rush  holds him down.  Rush shoves a duffle bag into Will’s chest and loosens his  grip. Will swats Rush off him and exits with the bag.  As Will grabs the door knob, he stops to listen...  Will exits, leaving Rush, S-Bull, Slim and Mouse in a room of  silence. The crew is pissed, except Rush, who’s smiling...  Will stands outside the room. He unzips the bag to see it’s  filled to gills with stacks of hundred dollar bills...  It’s the 4th quarter. Will stands on the sideline, still  reeling from the night before. He notices Rush staring at  him and walks to the other end of the sideline...CRASH!  The crowd erupts as a LINEBACKER smokes a RECEIVER crossing  the field. Will turns toward the sound, the crowd now silent  as the LA Receiver gets carried off.  HOLY SHIT... The moment Will’s been fighting for has come--  Any anxiety from the massage parlour gets evaporated by heart  pounding adrenaline. Rush watches on as:  HIGH SPEED: Will runs onto the field and joins the huddle.  In the huddle, Grier catches his breath. Crane calls out the  play and “BREAK!”. Before Will takes his spot--  Crane snaps it, drops back and spots Will wide open-- He  flings the ball, but it’s an overthrow headed out of bounds..  Suddenly-- Will leaps from out of nowhere and catches it!  catch by..? Who was that?  Rush, Mouse, Slim and the entire team erupt. Crane gives  Will big slap on the helmet.  Coach waves Will to the sidelines-- The receiver now  healthy, runs back onto the field. Will makes it back to the  sidelines and Coach slaps Will on the shoulder pads.  Will let’s the hot shower run over him as mixed emotions and  steam swirl around him. 52 Later... Will walks out wrapped in a towel and notices the  corner TV: 52V It shows highlights from the game, a graphic of DEREK SNOW  pops up-- With a chyron reading: “REPORT, LA WORKING ON A  DEAL TO BRING IN DEREK SNOW.”  Will gets a punch in the gut... He notices Rush is watching  the TV too. Rush returns to his locker, in that moment they  inadvertently lock eyes. OFF Rush’s knowing look...  FEDERAL AGENTS buzz around the room with activity. This is  the “special task” room assigned to Vidal’s investigation.  Every wall has a corkboard covered with reports and  information linked to the case. At one end there’s a big map  with red tacks on each of the correlating cities.  In the center, there’s tech-table with an impressive digital  display straight out of Minority Report-- Here we find  Hennessy and Park watching CCTV footage.  Vidal bursts into the office and beelines it for Hennessy.  Hennessy hands Vidal a folder.  Aggressive and athletic.  Vidal walks up to the map and places a red tack on NASHVILLE.  Parked outside the Grier home, Rush and Will sit in silence..  Doesn’t make it right.  What’s not right is how this league  treats their players. Ain’t none Will looks at Rush... They both know the answer to that one. The weight of the world falls on Will. He’s exasperated. Will shakes his head. This is too much, it’s crazy. Rush takes the duffle bag of cash and sets it on Will’s lap. Will puts the bag in Rush’s lap and gets out. On his way to the house, he walks past Rush’s window.  Rush holds out duffle bag for Will...  Will knows it’s true and takes it...  As Will walks up, Tommy smokes a cigarette in the dark.  Will takes the trash out and puts it into a garbage can. Then,  he kneels and hides the money in a BAG in the back corner.  James sleeps in bed. Lisa is asleep in a chair nearby. Will  slips in and kisses her. She opens her eyes.  She squeals, careful not to wake James and embraces Will  tightly. His eyes are ridden with GUILT, but quickly close.  Vidal and Hennessy enter to find DETECTIVE REED standing in  the corner, glued to a TV-- Too distracted by highlights of  the Nashville/LA football game to notice their arrival.  Vidal and Hennessy share a look.  Reed hands Vidal a clipboard with the crime report. They follow Reed through the active crime scene. They walk through the KITCHEN, and Vidal notices the destroyed CAMERA. Next they walk through the WALK-IN FREEZER, which leads to the hidden hallway, and the BACK ROOM with a STEEL DOOR. Hennessy studies the massive blood stain on the floor. Reed nods.  Vidal and Hennessy exchange a look.  interviews sent over to DC,  immediately.  Detective Reed nods.  *VARIOUS SHOTS OF A TIME LAPSE.  -Will and Lisa walk James up to ROCKFORD. James is adorable  with his backpack and dinosaur. It’s a proud moment as Will  and Lisa watch their son enter the perfect school...  *WEEKS GO BY. Practice, games, flights, film study  sessions... Until we arriving at--  In a BOX SUITE, Demarco is a bundle of nerves. He watches  his team next to a sharply dressed agent, KIT JACOBS. 60 On the field Will stands behind Coach, praying for an  opportunity... ANGLE ON: GAME CLOCK - 3rd Quarter - 7:13 61 CRANE steps back in the pocket and the crowd roars as he’s  SACKED in the backfield. Crane is PISSED OFF.  Coach Brackney looks around and sees Will--  Lisa, James and Tommy watch the game. James jumps and down  yelling, “Daddy!”. On the TV Will sprints onto the field and  joins the huddle. Lisa nervously bites her nails. 64 *BACK TO THE GAME, now in the HUDDLE. Crane looks at Will...  Will nods, he’s ready... They break the huddle and line up.  Under center, Crane hikes it drops back to pass, throws to  Will and he... Drops it. Crane is predictably pissed off.  He smacks Will’s helmet, “Let’s go!”. 65 Next play, Crane drops back and the play breaks down-- Crane  improvises and flips the ball to Will-- He CATCHES it in  stride and races down field. He makes multiple PLAYERS miss,  and takes it all the way to the END ZONE!!! 66 *IN THE LIVING ROOM, Lisa, James and Tommy jump and SCREAM.  Lisa picks up James and twirls him around. Tommy is excited,  but can’t help feel a bit envious...  TV ANNOUNCER (V.O.)  came to play. I’d say Will Grier,  a Special Teamer relegated to  A wild celebration of players whoop it up with Coach in the  middle. Coach waves Will over.  He hands Will the football and the players swarm in unison.  Rush watches this celebration from across the locker room. 68/68V Later, Will sits in front of his locker with the game ball,  finishing a FaceTime with Lisa and James. He waves goodbye  and blows them a kiss, Lisa kisses the locket... The impressive super agent, Kit Jacobs shakes Will’s hand. Kit walks off... On cue, Kit follows DeMarco to the middle of the room with his arm around DERRICK SNOW (think “Odell Beckham Jr.”). Rush and Will watch on as Demarco introduces him to the team. Will drops the game ball... His world just imploded. As Demarco speaks, the words drown out... Will is too stung by the Derrick Snow signing to care what Demarco has to say.  Rush stands outside in a long cashmere coat with a fur  collar, leaned up against a rented Porsche. He watches Will  talk on the phone, distressed.  When Will hangs up, Rush whistles over for his attention.  Will sees how earnest and sincere Rush is and can’t say no.  Rush smiles and walks over to the driver side. They both get  in... ZOOM! The Porsche takes off into the night.  In a grimy impoverished HALLWAY, Rush knocks on the door.  Will couldn’t be more confused as they wait a few tense  beats, THEN, a kind hearted elderly lady, SYLVIE (57) opens  the door and excitedly welcomes them in.  Sylvie guides them through the modest condo. They approach  the BACK OF A MAN seated, who’s facing the TV. Will notices  the many framed PICTURES of old football glory and ACCOLADES. In the living room, they take a seat across a confused elderly man in a wheelchair, thee CHET WALCOTT (56). Chet holds a dozen PENS in his hand. When Rush kneels next to Chet, Will notices pens scattered all over the floor. Chet angrily throws his pens on the floor, causing Will to hop. Rush comforts Chet a beat and gently hands him back some pens. Her face says not great... Will is disturbed by the bleak reality this former hero faces. Sylvie quickly changes the subject. LATER, on their way out, Will watches Rush hand Sylvia an envelope of money. She hugs Rush with gratitude. In the dirty hallway, Will watches the door close, then stares at Rush-- Surprised and touched by Rush’s humanity... Will straightens up and takes a breath. Rush stops Will, lowers his voice and looks around.  Will’s wheels turn and it’s clear he’s turned the corner.  And there it is. Rush smiles, daps up Will and they hug..  Will nods and the two brothers walk down the hallway.  At the tech-table Agent Vidal addresses a small group of  Agents including Park and Hennessy.  straight into the owner’s pocket.  Vidal taps the table, photos of VICTOR HYMAN appear alongside  news clippings from the mansion heist.  Vidal taps the table and photos of ARTHUR BOONE appear.  Vidal taps the table and an info chart pops up. It shows how  each Team Owner/Victim is connected to each heist.  Whoever they are, they’re targeting  Will, Lisa, and Tommy arrive in awe of how SPECTACULAR the  place is. Rush greets them at the door. Tommy and Rush have  a quiet stare down, but Lisa and Will are too blown away by  the mansion to notice.  They walk to the living room noticing plenty of high-priced  extras, including a SHARK TANK and a CRYSTAL PIANO. 73 They pass a mini BOWLING ALLEY, then turn into a PARLOR.  There, Rush’s girlfriend Carla appears.  Carla takes Lisa by the hand and Tommy follows. Will looks  at Rush, like “DAMN”. Rush laughs... He knows she’s fine.  S-Bull, Slim, Mouse, and Tommy are chilling by the fire pit.  Will stands by Rush, as Dontay with a HOMIE walk up. Tommy  immediately clams up and exits.  Dontay lifts his forehead an inch, acknowledging Will. Rush  and Dontay dap, and he exits.  Across the way, all the LADIES chat by the bar.  Rush leads Will past expensive ART along the hallway upstairs.  Will stops and leans over the balcony, taking it all in.  CTE is the next hurdle.  The harsh reality of a life in football lands hard on Will.  Will nods... There’s a moment of silence, distant laughter  from the party softly pours into their room-- 76 They walk down the steps, leading to a steel DOOR. Rush  opens it up to reveal: An indoor GUN RANGE. On a table  there’s a few AR-15’s, PISTOLS and a SHOTGUN. Rush walks up  to the AR-15 and picks it up.  Will picks an AR-15 up, examines it. Then like clock work,  he loads, cocks it, CHUCHAK and aims. Braap-Braap-Braap! He  nails a TARGET twice in the head and twice in the chest.  Off Rush’s smile--  LAUGHTER fills the air. All the fellas and ladies chill on  luxurious outdoor furniture, enjoying expensive wine.  They contagiously LAUGH, especially Mouse, who falls off the  couch drunk on wine and laughter.  The crew starts to “Oh snap!”, and give Rush shit.  2 touchdowns and all the sudden he  thinks he’s The Flash. 78 Rush leads Will and his guests downstairs. He opens the  garage door to 6 SHINY LUXURY CARS: A LAMBO, FERRARI,  PORSCHE, BENTLEY SUV, and an ASTON MARTIN.  race, you can pick one, it’s yours 79 LATER... The whole gang is outside as the lights from all of  their CARS illuminate a path down the street.  Will and Rush get ready... Now shirtless, Will and Rush line up side-by-side. Will and Rush TAKE OFF down the narrow street with cars on each side as the onlookers all hoot and holler. They run neck-and-neck. Rush’s sheer determination and pride make this a dead heat. Veins pop and sweat flies off of the runners-- Rush yanks Will back at the trousers, Rush wins. Just then, Slim pulls up in the LAMBO TRUCK. Slim cuts the engine and tosses Rush the keys. Rush hands them to Will. Rush and Will hug... Tommy looks on, jealous.  Will drives the LAMBO TRUCK on a joyride. Rush sees tight  knuckles on the wheel firmly in a 9 and 3 position.  Will thinks a beat, then slams the pedal down as the  speedometer rapidly exceeds 100 mph, unloading all of his  stress into an epic SCREAM “AAAAAAH!!” with the windows down.  Rush looks out at the bright stars over the ocean at night.  They get out of the car and stand on the edge of the road. In  contrast to the adrenaline inducing Lambo joy ride, it’s now  calm and quiet. Ocean waves crash against the rocks...  You and Lisa have fun tonight?  Will leans back and soaks it in.  whole life... Never realized this  everything, Rush... Seriously.  We FLOAT over carts with silver serving trays-- We continue  through, passing a plethora of Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Versace  suits hanging on portable clothing racks, then finally, we  find standing in a semi-circle:  Rush, Slim, S-Bull, Mouse suited like GQ models. They talk  amongst themselves and laugh with excitement...  From a side room, Will walks out like he’s on a runway and  does a spin. The guys crack up and mob him.  Rush has the TAILOR take a photo of them, they pose. SNAP.  Rush turns to Will and gives him a black box. Will opens it  and it’s a black Audemars Piguet WATCH.  your back.  Will’s blown away by the gesture. They all dap and hug.  Lisa walks into the bedroom to find: 3 BEAUTIFUL DRESSES  hanging in the open closet, 5 Boxes of CHANEL SHOES covering  the bed, and a white box with DIAMOND EARRINGS on a dresser.  Will pops his head in the doorway and enters the room, smirking.  He gives her a sweet kiss on the cheek.  I gotta turn around? K, fine...  Will turns with his arms folded, waiting impatiently.  When Will turns, Lisa stands before him in ONLY her new  DIAMOND EARRINGS and sexy LINGERIE.  Wow... That one looks nice.  Will removes his shirt and kisses her passionately...  *Production note-- Please note this location will be the  Over the night sky, spotlights criss-cross back and forth  above a star studded event. Luxury vehicles of all shapes  and sizes pull up to the glitzy red carpet.  Cameras flash as ATHLETES and CELEBRITIES pose in front of a  step and repeat for the “20th ANNUAL LA SPORTS UNITED FOR ALL  GALA”. Notably, Jerry Dermarco poses on the carpet with  Peter Crane, Derek Snow and the MAYOR of Los Angeles.  WILL’S LAMBO TRUCK pulls up to VALET. Will and Lisa step out  looking incredible-- Perfectly suited and dressed for the  extravagant occasion.  Will and Lisa enter a giant ballroom filled with over a  hundred tables. SPORTS LEGENDS of old, as well as CURRENT  PLAYERS and EXECUTIVES mull around and mingle.  Smiling and overwhelmed, Lisa gives Will a look as if she’s  in a fairytale.  With the Gala now well underway-- Rush, Will, S-Bull, Mouse  and Slim enjoy their dinner and laugh with their ladies..  TIME GOES BY... Lisa holds Will’s hand at the table,  enjoying the perfect night as a BAND tears the house down...  floor, it’s the cherry on top of a magical night. 87 With empty plates and inebriated guests ready to leave-- The  night’s wrapping up as Will finishes off a champagne flute.  Will Grier!  From across the table Rush watches as: Will turns to find Kit  strutting over. Will stands up and introduces Lisa to Kit.  Kit laughs and pulls out a new card, and writes on the back.  Will looks at the card and nearly shits himself. He hands  the card to Lisa, who’s now dumbstruck.  Will looks at Lisa, her eyes urge Will to go. Will obliges  and follows Kit to a private corner. Rush watches on...  Will looks into Kit’s eyes and shakes his hand.  The whole crew says goodnight as the valet brings out Will’s  LAMBO TRUCK.  signals for the game.  Lisa nods and gets in the truck. Rush and Will watch the  truck drive off-- Rush motions for Will to follow and they  walk behind a building. Rush’s demeanor grows colder and angrier by the second. Rush puts a hand on Will’s shoulder, applies some pressure.  I don’t know... Will buckles under the pressure and strength of Rush.  What’s Tommy got to do with this?  Rush ain’t bluffing...  The weight of the world falls on Will...  ANGLE IN ON LIST: Boston 9/16/19... Dallas 10/20/19... New  Jersey 12/9/19... Miami 12/23/19... Nashville 9/19/20...  Vidal plays backgammon by herself while talking on the phone.  Nearby tables are littered with empty pizza boxes.  Hennessy and Park look exhausted as they sip old coffee and  stare at the U.S. MAP with red tacks. Vidal ends her call  and joins them at the map.  Vidal has become possessed. She rips the dates/locations  list off the cork board, runs to her computer and sweeps the  backgammon board right off it-- Sending white and black  stones raining to the floor. She immediately starts typing.  We pull out to reveal the entire LA Football schedule on the  computer screen. Vidal looks back and forth from the list of  dates and locations to the LA away games.  Back and forth. Games. Heists. Cities. Dates... A MATCH.  Will enters to find: Tommy pacing back and forth on the  phone, stressed out, smoking a cigarette. He sees Will and  hangs up. Will shuts the door, makes sure Lisa isn’t around. Will shakes his head and walks back to the house. Tommy’s ashamed and speechless. Will shoves Tommy hard in the chest. Tommy looks away, now ashamed. Tears well up. Will’s fire cools down as he watches his brother crack. Tommy nods.  Rush walks past cars in different stages of repair.  NOW IN A BACK OFFICE, In contrast to the dirty repair shop,  Dontay’s office is super clean and expensive-- Leather  couches, fine carpet and state of the art TVs line the walls.  Rush sits across a desk, watching Dontay carefully roll a  blunt. Behind Rush, a few of Dontay’s muscle/homies chill on  couches in a cloud of smoke.  Dontay sparks his blunt and takes a hit.  Dontay slides a smart phone across the table for Rush.  Then Dontay leans forward and points to a printed out Google  image of San Francisco on the desk.  Once that van clears the tunnel,  Agent Vidal sits in with Chief Walker and Don Kizinki.  Vidal hands Walker a folder. He reads aloud a list of  businesses, one of them being “Golden Sun Casino”.  Moving through the Grier home, we go to each room. James is  fast asleep. Tommy’s half asleep watching TV. Lisa’s asleep  but no sign of Will... 94 Finally we move into the GARAGE and find: Will standing by  himself in deep contemplation. He tosses the GAME BALL up  and down to himself.  Eventually he takes a seat, struggling with the pressure--  He grips the football tighter and tighter...  Will is focused and nervous as he tapes himself up. A  cheerful Slim takes a seat next to him.  Vidal and Hennessy walk from a parking lot and are greeted by  an Agent. The Agent leads them into the field office.  We’re mid-game and Snow makes a CATCH, but AGGRAVATES his CALF  and gingerly labors off the field.  serious as LA prepares for a  playoff run.  Will sprints onto the field and joins the huddle. 98 Crane hikes it drops back to pass. Will sprints WIDE OPEN,  it’s gonna be a touchdown, the ball slowly spirals into  Will’s hands and HE DROPS IT--  He should have walked into the end  zone for a score and he knows it. 99 *We now see VARIOUS MOMENTS of Will playing poorly-- Another  dropped ball. Multiple penalties-- false start, holding...  Lisa watches the game with Tommy, she looks sick. She can’t  bare to watch this train wreck of a game... 100V/101MEANWHILE, IN THE GARAGE, James looks for a toy. He moves  some sports equipment and sees a black leather DUFFLE BAG  hidden in the corner. ZIIIIP. From the bag, James pulls out  a GLOCK. 102 Lisa attempts to take her mind off the game and wash  dishes... POW!!! A GUNSHOT rings out through the house--  Lisa drops a glass and it SHATTERS to the floor.  Lisa and Tommy frantically run out of the room. 103 Lisa sprints into the GARAGE to find: James sitting next to a  pile of cash and a smoking gun...  She runs over to James and picks him up... James starts to  cry and we hear FOOTSTEPS approach, she turns to see--  Tommy run up confused and concerned. Lisa CHARGES Tommy--  Tommy takes a drag of his cigarette and begins to boil.  Lisa starts walking away...  In front of his locker Will sits DEFEATED. His mind lost.  Slim come’s up and gives him support.  Will nods...  Rush and S-Bull walk past some dumpsters to find a murdered  out TAHOE-- A Mexican MAN covered head to toe in tattoos,  steps out of the vehicle, meets Rush, and hands him the key.  Freshly showered and dressed, Will is on the phone, waiting  for Lisa to pick up. *INTERCUT PHONE CALL AS NECESSARY. 107 Lisa’s phone buzzes, but she’s too busy packing up suitcases  and fighting back tears. Will hangs up and spots Slim  waiting-- Slim waves Will over to follow him.  In the Tahoe, S-Bull sits in the driver seat with Rush in the  front passenger. Will, Slim, and Mouse hop in.  game is about to start. 109 Rush studies the luminescent glow on his phone. He watches a  blue dot on a GPS exit the GOLDEN SUN CASINO. Rush nods to S-  Bull and they drive off. 110 ELSEWHERE, the sun begins to drop into the horizon. From  above we follow a black armored VAN and SUV exit the GOLDEN  SUN CASINO parking lot and navigate toward a freeway.  CLOSE ON: RUSH’s phone-- The blue dot now close to the  MacArthur Tunnel. Rush grimaces at a red line of heavy  traffic... 112 From above we follow the SUV glide up a freeway ramp and  merge into a glowing river of tail lights and traffic. 113 Mouse, S-Bull, and Slim look visibly concerned by the  traffic. On the map, they close in on the blue dot.  S-Bull switches lanes, moves into the FREEWAY TUNNEL and  rolls to a stop.  Rush searches the freeway and spots the target.  RUSH’S POV: 50 yards away, down the FREEWAY TUNNEL an ARMORED  VAN and a SUV are stuck in traffic.  Rush looks ahead while processing their dire options.  impatiently thumb taps the wheel, while the front passenger/  GUARD 2 rests his eyes. In the back, GUARD 3 sits stoically. 115 In the Tahoe anxious tension has filled the air.  Some tense beats of silence pass by... Will’s knee bounces like an anxious jack hammer.  It’s 4th and 1! Mouse, load us up! Mouse pulls a heavy duffle bag out from the trunk. ZIIIIP. The duffle bag opens to reveal a stash of AR-15’s. Mouse passes Slim and Will a duffle bag to strap on. Mouse hands out AR-15’s and ski-masks to Will and Slim. Will’s knee starts bouncing again.  Slim gives Will a reassuring pat on the back, and hands Rush  the final AR-15 and ski-mask.  Rush takes a final look at the map.  like there’s a ring on the line.  woods to the right. Cut through  Slim shows Will and Mouse the pick up spot on the GPS. Rush  pulls the ski-mask over his face and they follow suit.  CHUCHAK. Rush cocks his AR-15 followed by Slim, Mouse and  Will with a loud simultaneous, CHUCHAK. Will notices his  knee bouncing and halts it. Deep breath. Rush nods at Will  and CLICK-CLICK. The SUV unlocks.  The three passenger doors pop open and with it, time slows...  HIGH SPEED: Under the fluorescent orange glow of the tunnel  light-- Rush, Slim, Mouse and Will walk out looking like the  four horsemen of the apocalypse.  The visual is ICONIC. The armed thieves prowl through the  rows of traffic, lions on the hunt.  car that caused traffic gets pushed to the shoulder. The  lanes free up and cars finally jolt forward. On the other  side of the lane, headed toward us, we notice an AMBULANCE... 118 To the right of S-Bull a tatted up MAN in a pimped out  CHALLENGER, glares right at him. The man leans down and  reaches under his seat. This causes S-Bull to lower his  window and the man lowers his.  S-Bull raises a glock for good measure. The man concedes. 119 Rush crosses to the left and crouches down to avoid the Body  Guard’s eye line. He lines the SUV in his cross-hairs and  signals for Slim and Mouse to advance forward.  Will creeps up behind the SUV. In the BG screams permeate  the tunnel as people begin to realize what’s happening.  Through the front windshield Guard 1 and Guard 2 see Mouse  and Slim creep up to the armored van.  Guard 1 looks into the rearview and spots Will--  rear window explode. Rush’s cold eyes glow from the hot  muzzle flash, as he unloads a symphony of bullets and paints  the SUV with smoking lead.  Slim and Mouse take out the VAN’s tires, POP-POP! The van  accelerates, it’s smoking tires squeal forward and the van  SLAMS into a car with reckless abandon.  The tunnel erupts into absolute CHAOS. It’s a fight for  survival as vehicles transform into bumper cars. 120 MEANWHILE at the FBI Field Office, Vidal, Hennessy and the  Field Agent study a collage of targets pinned on a corkboard.  Vidal, Hennessy, and the Field Agent react and hurry out. 121 Rush slides over a car hood with fire in his eyes. He steps  through a plume of smoke and sidles up to the passenger  window-- Rush fires a round into the tunnel ceiling.  Rush opens the driver door and grabs Guard 1 by the neck.  Will keeps Guard 2 and Guard 3 frozen stiff with his gun  trained on both of them.  Mouse and Slim circle the armored van-- The VAN DRIVER opens  the door and fires, BANG-BANG-BANG! Slim dives out the way  and crawls behind a car.  The Van Driver takes aim at Rush... And Rush quickly turns  to use Guard 1 as a human shield, BANG-BANG-BANG! Bullets  rip into Guard 1’s chest.  Mouse rises up with his gun aimed at the stunned Van Driver.  Guard 1’s limp body falls to the ground, and the stunned Van  Driver drops the gun. Suddenly-- VAN PASSENGER pops out and  fires at Rush, BANG-BANG! Rush takes cover as bullets ping  off the SUV.  Will has a clear shot on the Van Passenger, WHAM! Slim  knocks the passenger out with the butt of this gun.  Slim zip ties the passenger’s arms behind his back, and pats  around till finding a key...  Rush and Will have Guard 2 and 3 dead to rights. Rush barks  orders with fierce authority. Guard 2 carefully exits the  SUV, then Rush tosses zip ties to Will... 122 Meanwhile Slim unlocks the back door of the armored van and  steps inside, revealing: The metal mobile safe with 6 locked  compartments...  Slim pulls out an industrial strength power drill from his  backpack. He lines up the drill on the first compartment...  The drill begins to twirl and BZZZZZZZ, slowly pushing into  the thick steel. Metal shavings fall from the smoking hole. 123 In front of S-Bull, a path begins to form and he readies his  foot over the gas pedal. 124 Police sirens in the distance steadily approach... Rush  appears behind Slim at the back of the van--  I’m moving, I’m moving. 125 Rush walks back to the SUV and finds Guard 3 cowering in his  seat. Rush opens the door, Guard 3 jumps toward the other  door, BRAAAP! Rush blasts a warning shot and glass shatters.  Guard 3 violently shakes his head “no”. Rush reaches in, and  slams him onto the pavement.  Will nods, and turns to watch for any potential threat. 126 We follow Mouse into the back of the van. The drill BZZZZZ’s  deep and POP. The first compartment swings open. Slim moves  to the next compartment while Mouse starts sliding stacks of  cash into his backpack. 127 Rush digs his gun into Guard 3’s back, he wails in pain.  Rush pulls out a zip tie and ties him up. 128 Will’s eyes process the half mile of chaos. People scatter  like cockroaches in the light. Will gets distracted when the  TAHOE engine REVS and ROARS. He turns to see: S-Bull punch  the gas--  The Tahoe swerves left, swerves right and snakes through the  traffic. A car pulls in front of him, partially blocking his  next move... S-Bull accelerates and PLOWS through it!  The SUV breaks free, and whooshes past the roadside robbery. 129 Will’s attention snaps from S-Bull’s great escape to Mouse.  Mouse hands Will a backpack full of cash, and takes Will’s  backpack. Mouse sprints back to the van. 130 Rush looks toward Will and sees Red and Blue lights glowing  at the end of the tunnel. 131 S-Bull passes the stuck AMBULANCE and eventually clears the  tunnel. He takes the first road leading into the woods... 132 At the other end of the tunnel a swarm of COP CARS are stuck  at the entrance, blocked from any chance of getting in.  Vidal, Hennessy, and the Field Agent step out an unmarked car  wearing bullet proof vests-- They charge down the tunnel as  screaming pedestrians run past them. 133 The drill continues to BZZZZZ and POP-- The compartment  opens. Mouse steps inside with the empty bag, and starts  shoveling money. Rush appears.  Mouse cleans the compartment out, ties the bag up, and exits.  Slim ignores Rush, he now lines the drill up on the next  compartment. BZZZZZZZ...  Rush fumes with anger and anxiously backs away. Mouse  returns to see Slim still drilling. 134 It’s chaotic, camera shaky as: Feet pound down the street.  Under the orange glow of tunnel light-- Vidal, Hennessy, and  a group of cops are in full sprint. 135 Through a thicket of wrecked cars, Rush spots the group of  cops charging down the tunnel.  He lines up his AR-15 and applies suppression fire, Braap-  Braap-Braap! The cops fall to the ground and take cover.  Rush turns, and runs to the van. Will follows.  Slim continues to drill into the compartment, BZZZZZ.  Rush and Will appear behind Mouse.  POP. The compartment swings open, and Slim hurriedly fills  up his bag.  Mouse and Will sprint away.  Heavy breathing. Pounding steps. Will and Slim sprint past  the van, hop over some crashed cars, and leave the crime  scene... 136 Vidal, Hennessy and a host of COPS finally arrive at the  At the SUV, Hennessy spots Rush and fires three rounds, BANG-  BANG-BANG! The bullets miss and ping off the armored van.  Mouse peaks over a car to see: Vidal and Hennessy carefully  approach the armored van... Rush sees them too.  Rush aims at Vidal, Braap-Braap-Braap-Braap! Car windows  explode, Vidal and Hennessy dive out of the way.  As Slim continues to sweep cash into the bag, Rush unloads  more suppression fire, Braap-Braap-Braap-Braap!  Rush turns and sees Slim finally exit the van. Slim sprints  out with an unzipped duffle bag-- Now ready, Rush takes off  in a dead sprint... Slim turns a corner and nearly trips,  CASH spills all over the road.  Rush doesn’t see it, and keeps sprinting... Slim turns back,  and starts picking up the spilled cash-- Hennessy rises up  behind a smoking car, BANG-BANG!  One bullet pings off the van and one nails Slim in the leg.  He topples over and falls onto the pile of cash.  Rush turns to see Slim crawling through bloody stacks of  cash. Will and Mouse spin around and see it too.  Slim’s down!  Mouse sprints back toward Rush... And Will sprints forward.  the other side... He has an idea. 138 With his AR-15 ready for war, Rush charges with fire and  anger-- He spots Hennessy appear from behind a car, Braap-  Braap-Braap!  Vidal takes cover behind an open car door, she turns and sees  in HIGH SPEED: Hennessy take three bullets to the chest.  Hennessy collapses lifelessly into the road median. Vidal  catches Hennessy and stops her head from SMACKING pavement.  Vidal holds her for a second, sets her down and angrily  returns fire-- Rush takes cover, but reappears with the AR-  15, and applies more suppression fire. Vidal ducks.  Rush reaches Slim and helps him up. He carries Slim forward,  and gets them both cover behind a car. Rush takes a breath.  Mouse takes cover behind a car near Rush and Slim.  Rush turns to Slim, who’s in bad shape, leaned against the  car. Slim blinks his eyes, attempting not to pass out--  Blood pours from his leg onto the street.  I’m here.. I’m here.  that fucking plane. For your son,  Slim. You hear me?! Gotta make it  out of this tunnel for your son.  Slim perks up and nods his head. He’s got this. Rush helps  Slim up and time slows. 139 Shot out of a cannon, Slim sprints through the fluorescent  tunnel. Numb to the pain as adrenaline carries him forward.  It’s pure chaos-- Camera shaky as Cops from every angle take  aim at Slim and Rush. Bullets ping all around them. 140 Mouse pivots around the car and fires at the swarm of cops,  Braap-Braap-Braap-Braap! Vidal dives down for cover. 141 Will hops over the median, and sprints through cars to the  AMBULANCE. He rips the door open to find a PARAMEDIC  texting. She screams and drops her phone. Will grabs a  first-aid kit, and takes off. 142 Will sprints up the road, takes a sharp right into the woods,  and exits the chaos... 143 In the Tahoe, S-Bull drives along the quiet woods and pulls  over to his marked location. 144 Slim sprints through the rows of cars. Rush follows behind  with Mouse making up some ground. 145 CLOSE ON: HENNESSY’s FACE. We pull out to see her bloody,  and lifeless body slumped against the median.  With eyes full of anger and sadness, Vidal attempts to stop  the bleeding from her lifeless partner. She rips the sleeve  off her shirt, and ties it around Hennessy’s wound. Vidal  screams out words like “PARAMEDIC”, STAY WITH ME” and “HELP”. 146 In the woods, Rush and Mouse carry Slim. With the adrenaline  worn off, he’s no longer able to move. Slim’s starting to  faint from the loss of blood.  helicopter approaches with a search light scouring the area.  In the SUV, S-Bull looks at his watch. Beats of silence feel  like a lifetime... THUD.  S-Bull sees Will through the rearview mirror. CLICK-CLICK.  Will opens the trunk and lowers back seats to make room for a  make shift hospital bed.  Will doesn’t answer. 148 In the tunnel, Vidal falls back against the median next to  Hennessy. The emotion and exhaustion setting in. Cops storm  past her in the hopeless pursuit of the criminals. 149 S-Bull looks through the passenger window to see Mouse and  Rush emerge from the woods carrying Slim.  Put him in the back. I’ll stop the  bleeding.  Rush and Mouse lie Slim down in the trunk.  The helicopter circles the tunnel. From above we follow the  SUV pull off and vanish into the dark.  Slim’s bleeding badly... Will’s focused and in control.  I got you, Slim. Get him elevated!  Mouse helps lift his head. Will rips open Slim’s pant leg  and studies his wound.  CLOSE ON thick amounts of BLOOD oozing out.  Rush, press down hard!  Rush applies pressure on the leg as Slim SCREAMS out. 151 Will grabs a bottle and tears open bandages. He successfully  bandages it up and stops the bleeding.  ANGLE ON the DOORWAY, the last group of PLAYERS sporadically  trickle onto the plane... At last, Rush, Mouse, S-Bull,  Will, and Slim appear. They’re sweaty and beat. Slim looks  like a ghost as they head to the back. 153 LATER... The flight well underway, the lights now off and  the air is calm. Will is sitting next to Rush.  Slim’s in the back covered in blankets. Rush refills his  glass with SCOTCH and notices Will staring at Slim.  Will’s not so sure about that. Rush takes a long swig of his  scotch. Then...  He chases one of 'em 18 blocks and  corners him in an alley. The kid  turns around and has a gun. Pop,  he just freezes. He says, "Why,  Son?" That young punk shrugged it  all off and said, "I like the  rush." My ol’ man, he just nodded  and said, “Good.  Rush leans back, and dozes off with a full glass of scotch in  his hand... Will’s speechless.  Will pulls up to the house, through the windshield we see  Lisa put suitcases into a packed BRONCO and slam the trunk.  Will enters the house following Lisa, she ignores him.  Will notices a NEWS CHANNEL playing on the TV, “SAN FRAN  TUNNEL SHOOT OUT”... Oh shit.  Lisa turns around with tears in her eyes, then shoots a look  toward a table where: a DUFFLE BAG of CASH and GUN sit...  Will’s broken-hearted and caught red handed. Lisa grabs her  last bag and James follows, holding his favorite dinosaur.  Lisa, I can explain.  That’s when TOMMY walks in with the face of someone who knows  he fucked up royally... Will gives him a hard stare and  returns to Lisa, speechless.  She rips the SILVER CHAIN, FOOTBALL LOCKET off of her neck  and throws at his feet.  Will grabs his son’s hand and takes a knee-- James is teary-  eyed and confused  Will gives his son a long hug. After letting go, he walks  over to Lisa and blocks the front door.  James... I’ll pack a bag and go.  Lisa can only manage to wipe away some tears.  Lisa nods... Will turns and sees Tommy standing there with  nothing to say-- Will glares into Tommy’s soul...  Rain falls from the sky as Kizinski and Walker wait in the  woods near the tunnel. Behind them it’s an active crime  scene, busy with investigative work.  An unmarked government car pulls up, Vidal steps out from the  passenger side. Thunder and lightening CRACK in the distance  as she walks up with steely resolve.  Vidal radiates rage and shoves a folder into Walker’s chest.  Vidal glares at Walker with a burning mixture of rage and  sadness... Instead of picking a fight, she gives him a NOD.  Vidal straightens up. Emboldened. Focused.  has the entire weight of the bureau  Vidal takes this in as she watches a FORENSIC SCIENTIST exit  with an evidence bag with bloody CASH. She weighs her words.  Walker and Kizinki nod.  Walker nods. Vidal storms away into the unmarked car.  Inside, Vidal stares through the rain drizzled windshield...  Will lies in the hotel bed in his boxers. He’s physically  and emotionally at rock bottom-- On a muted TV, the “San  Fran Tunnel Shoot-out” dominates the 24 hour news outlet.  His cell BUZZES. Reluctantly, Will finds his phone in the  bed and taps his voicemail on speaker.  Impossible to be happy or care about football, he picks up  the phone and calls LISA... It rings out to voicemail.  Will hangs up... THEN, an incoming call from KIT JACOBS  comes in. He denies it. 158 *MEANWHILE, AT A HOTEL BAR, Vidal sits by herself, finishing  a glass of whiskey. She signals for another, and glances up  at a TV-- On the TV, a news channel reports on, “SAN FRAN  TUNNEL SHOOT OUT”. A graphic of AGENT HENNESSY appears, they  report and memorialize her death. OFF Vidal’s agony...  In a baaaad neighborhood, Rush rumbles to a stop in his ‘64  IMPALA. He’s parked in front of a roughed up DUPLEX. From  the porch a few THUGS and a PIT BULL watch Rush approach.  HIGH SPEED: Rush climbs up the steep steps to the porch--  The air’s ripe with danger. Eyes from every iron-gate window  watch this foreigner enter their world... 160V A BRUTE THUG leads RUSH past MEN bagging dope and into the  KITCHEN where-- Under a low hanging light fixture, Dontay  sits in a cloud of smoke, waiting.  In the corners of the room, TWO THUGS watch Rush take a seat  across from Dontay-- He takes a long pull from a blunt. The  smoke hangs between them like a cloudy partition. Rush looks over to the fuzzy television in the corner. On it a news channel covers the “SAN FRAN TUNNEL SHOOT OUT”. Rush nods and takes that in.  Rush leans into the smoke...  It’s late, but you couldn’t tell by the hive of busy activity  from AGENTS working. At the tech-table display, PARK scrubs  through grainy CCTV footage from the Tunnel.  Vidal strides in, and Agents turn their attention to her...  than Agent Hennessy...  The group of agents nod solemnly.  with the slightest whiff of crime  in their background, pulled and  Will freshly showered goes to his locker and finds a PINK  NOTE waiting for him. He looks around and sees Mouse, along  with other players looking at the same pink note...  OFF Mouse and Will exchanging looks of concern...  Overlooking downtown, Rush stands next to his Impala, looking  at the crimson colored sky. The sun quickly dropping.  Multiple HEADLIGHTS flash, pull up and park next to Rush.  A little later... Rush, Mouse, S-Bull, and Will now stand  around in a circle.  Rush waits and sits on the silence, loving the tension.  One more?! Rush we’re headline  right now. The way I see it, the  only way out, is all the way in.  Only a matter of time before they  figure out Slim.  Rush glares at the crew... This doesn’t help anyone understand Rush’s logic.  $25 million kept in DeMarco’s  goes down during halftime. So we  slide out, do our thing, and we’re  back in that locker room, sippin’  on Gatorade by 2nd half kick-off. Mouse and S-Bull nod... With a glint in his eye, Rush turns to Will, who shakes his head incredulously. Mouse lights up and crosses toward Will. Rush steps in between Mouse and Will. He puts an arm around Will’s shoulder and walks him away. Rush quietly pulls a GLOCK from his waist band. Rush releases Will and wipes the glock off Will’s shoulders. Rush backs up a few steps... Will stares at him and nods. Will pulls out the Lambo keys and tosses them at Rush’s feet. Rush smirks and watches Will exit into a stairwell...  Will tries his key, but it doesn’t work... Desperate and  panicked, he knocks hard on the front door-- His eyes dart  around with paranoia, anxiously waiting with the BLACK  LEATHER DUFFLE BAG in hand--  The door finally opens, revealing LISA frightened and  frazzled... She starts closing the door but Will blocks it.  right to feel that way.  At that point Lisa’s heart drops-- Her eyes drift past Will  to see TOMMY sitting in a RENTAL CAR-- Lisa now knows  whatever’s going on, Will’s dead serious.  Will hands Lisa the black leather duffle bag.  Tears start to well up in Lisa’s eyes. She nods.  Lisa’s heart breaks...  Will reaches out and takes her hand. CLOSE ON their hands  together. And Lisa opens her hands to see the SILVER CHAIN  FOOTBALL LOCKET now in her hand.  Will walks back to the car and Lisa watches him drive off.  townhouse-- RUSH walks up to the front porch and he enters. 166 A little later... Rush follows Slim, who limps into his  bedroom. Slim’s exhausted, sickly and stressed the fuck out.  It’s clear he hasn’t slept much.  Slim sheepishly laughs knowing it’s not true. He takes a  seat on the bed and stares at the ground lost in thought.  Rush leans against the wall and observes this broken man.  Slim’s eyes well up. Rush walks over and puts a supportive  hand on his shoulder.  Slim wipes away tears with his shirt.  Slim rises to his feet but can’t meet Rush in the eyes as the  guilt is simply too much to bare.  Slim nods. Off that Rush gives him a big hug and steps away  to let Slim wipe away tears with his shirt.  Rush slides a GLOCK out from the back of his waistband and  lines it up at Slim’s temple... BANG! Slim collapses.  CLOSE ON: RUSH’s FACE, a tear wells up and falls...  CLOSE ON: A DIGITAL MUG SHOT OF RUSH Back out to reveal we’re at the digital tech table displaying a large collection of mug shots along with rap sheets including: RUSH, SLIM, MOUSE, S-BULL and others-- Kizinski crosses over to Vidal. Vidal and Kizinski watch mug shots go by as an AGENT scrolls. The special agent taps the table twice-- FOOTAGE pops up: SLIM sprinting through the row of cars. PARK abruptly enters the room with a folder, and stands next to Vidal. Vidal’s eyes stay on the footage and motions for the folder. Park hands it over. Vidal turns from the footage to the folder.  Vidal, Park and Kizinski both look at the footage of Slim  running in slo-mo...  The Agent does a few taps on the table and WHAM. A clip of  SLIM in his uniform runs with the football. It plays SIDE BY  SIDE with tunnel footage... It’s a perfect match.  OVER HEAD-- It’s a sun-filled day with the SIGHTS and SOUNDS  of an energized CROWD pulsating in LA’s FOOTBALL STADIUM.  crowd of playoff-starved fans have  gathered to see Peter Crane lead  his team to LA’s first playoff 169 LOCKER ROOM, Will readies himself. As he closes his locker,  he sees a framed picture of LISA and JAMES... 170 OWNER’S BOX, in his ivory tower, Demarco looks down on his  dominion below, surrounded by waspy old money friends. They  look like super villains as they toast champagne flutes-- 171/172 IN THE STANDS, Tommy watches from the crowd as the crowd  ERUPTS-- The away team kicks off to Los Angeles. 173 We track along the sideline spotting Rush in a jumpsuit, then  S-Bull, Mouse and finally... Will, who takes the field for  their first offensive possession... 174 Crane gets under center, “Green 42. Green 42-GO!”. The  linemen CRASH into each other as Crane drops back... The  sounds and images morph and fad into a time cut.  James by her side.  TV ANNOUNCER (V.O.)  Ernie what’s the key for LA as they  before half.  James perks up at the sound of his dad’s name. 176 ON THE FIELD, LA receives the punt and the OFFENSE runs out-- 177 Mouse stares at the clock, knee bouncing. His eyes drift  down sideline finding Rush-- Who calmly exits to the tunnel. 178 They’re on a drive-- Crane’s in the pocket. Downfield he  finds Will, streaking wide open and launches it, the BALL  spirals perfectly toward Will, but bounces helplessly off his  finger tips. The crowd groans.  Crane has a man open down the  sidelines...and it’s...OFF THE  HANDS of Will Grier! Oh Brother!  Everyone in the stadium thought  As Will lines up, he takes a peak at the clock now at 3:57...  Vidal pulls up in a black DODGE CHARGER with TWO COP CARS.  Vidal jogs up the porch, followed by FOUR COPS in tactical  gear. In contrast to the noisy stadium, this dead quiet  neighbored is eerie-- Vidal knocks, BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG.  The cops part like the red sea, a BIG COP storms up with a  steel ram and blasts the door off it’s hinges. 180 The tactical cops sweep the house for any sign of life-- WE  FOLLOW Vidal up a flight of stairs. With her gun aimed, she  proceeds cautiously... You could hear a pin drop.  Vidal creeps into the bedroom and her EYES say it all... On  a stark white carpet, Slim lays limp in a pool of blood.  BLUE LIGHTS flash as the Charger zooms. Vidal’s on the  phone, looking determined.  Crane uncorks a throw and finds Will. The crowd roars as he  catches the ball and crosses the 50 yard line-- 183 It’s cut short when he goes down limping. A whistle stops  the action... TRAINER’s check on Will, the crowd goes  silent.  TV ANNOUNCER (V.O.)  Those non-contact injuries are  You’re right, Jim. Hate seeing a  player drop like that. Let’s hope  it’s not a muscle tear. 184 In the stands, Tommy watches on as Will’s carried off by S-  Bull and Mouse...  Meanwhile, somewhere deep in the stadium’s employee TUNNEL,  a MAN in a white painter suit, pushes a wheelbarrow toward a  FREIGHT ELEVATOR-- He reaches the elevator, parks the  wheelbarrow, and inserts a silver key into a slot...DING.  The Painter enters, turns, finally revealing it’s RUSH. His  face is hidden by a black ski mask with a white and chrome  painter respirator mask over it.  Bull and Mouse. They exit and give Will a nod. The TRAINER  starts to feel his hamstring.  The trainer understands and leaves. Will watches the trainer  exit, then looks toward the doorway on the other side-- As a  dark shadow approaches and grows, Will’s heart beat quickens. 186 OWNER’S BOX, Jerry Demarco and Kit Jacobs watch as the  Seattle makes a FIELD GOAL. Demarco curses.  ANGLE ON: GAME CLOCK - 2nd Quarter - 0:00  with a field goal before half. We 187 CLOSE ON: RUSH’s COLD CALM EYES...  FREIGHT ELEVATOR, Slim and Mouse appear from a corner and  join Rush. The air’s filled with rhythmic ventilated  breathing as they wait...  *Through the painter masks their voices have a reverberated  muffle quality to it, a less extreme version of BANE’s voice. 188 Finally Will appears down the hall and makes it to the  elevator. Once inside Rush pushes a button, the doors shut,  and a mechanical whir initiates their deep descent into the  stadium’s bowels.  Will’s anxious eyes watch: Rush dig under the tarp in the  wheelbarrow and pull out FOUR SILENCER PISTOLS--  He hands one to Slim, Mouse and Will, who studies it with  some “oh shit” type curiosity.  Mouse pulls up the tarp to reveal: a stack of AR-15s  Everyone nods. They know what he means by that....  The long whir stops with a THUD. The doors slide open. 189 We follow the ARMORED TRUCK as it passes a GATE GUARD, and  through the GATED ENTRANCE. The van goes deeper and deeper  into the belly of the stadium, leading to the VAULT.  Mouse pushes the wheelbarrow. Rush and S-Bull walk on either  side of him with their SILENCERS, they turn a corner and see:  A chrome private ELEVATOR where a SECURITY GUARD watches the  halftime show on a corner TV.  On Rush’s cold and focused face, he takes aim and pop-pop-  pop. Will’s eyes go big, witnessing the cold blooded murder.  Rush pulls out a key card, places it on a sleek panel, and  waits while-- S-Bull picks up the guard and holds his face  to the retina scanner... Double-Protected.  After a few tense beats, the chrome elevator door opens.  beeps then a loud metal THUNK-- The giant steel wheel spins  and opens to reveal a money mausoleum.  In the middle, there’s four steel tables with every square  inch covered in a 2 foot stack of CASH-- It’s enough to make  Scrooge McDuck sweat. 192 Outside the vault, a TRUCK GUARD opens the back door of the  Armored Truck to reveal: FIVE pallets of CASH-- Rush steps  out of a dark corner and pop-pop, drops the guard.  Spooked-- TWO GUARDS turn around and pop-pop-pop-pop. Just  like that THREE guards down. From the dark corners of the  concrete cave, Slim, Mouse and Will jog up.  It’s frenetic yet focused-- The ticking clock weighs on them  as the truck duo and vault duo fill up bags with cash.  At this point it’s nothing short of efficient perfection... 193 OWNER’S BOX, Demarco sits next to the GM. He’s still fuming  from the field goal. He glares at the SINGER, as she rocks  out for halftime on the 50 yard line.  ANGLE ON: (ticking) CLOCK - 0:53 TILL 3rd QUARTER  our little receiver...Grier? 194 In the vault, Mouse ZIPS up the bag and looks to WILL.  Will loads a bag onto his back then labors out.  CLOSE ON: PAVEMENT a full DUFFLE BAG lands with a THUD next  to another FULL BAG-- IN the BG we see a GUARD slowly move. 195 FLOOR V - LOBBY, Will breathes hard, as he drags the bag  across the floor. He almost falls from the weight on his  back. He stops to catch a breath and notices how isolated  and quiet it is... Suddenly he gets an idea..  Will walks over to a trash can, pulls the bag and dumps all  the trash out. Next, he unzips both bags and starts pulling  cash evenly from each bag... His eyes dart around wildly as  he stuffs the trash bag with cash.  Will pulls a chair up to a giant LA FOOTBALL EMBLEM, lifts  the ceiling panel and places the garbage bag in there--  Lastly, Will pulls out a BURNER PHONE and takes a picture of  the EMBLEM... 196 STADIUM - ON THE FIELD, the crowd roars as LA kicks off to  begin the second half.... 197 PRIVATE ENTRANCE ROAD, the Gate Guard drives down the steep  dark tunnel in a Security CART. 198 In the truck, S-Bull zips the last bag and tosses it to the  ground. S-Bull then looks up to see Mouse--  Yo Mouse, you goo-  Pop. S-Bull falls forward and SMACKS face first onto the  concrete next to his duffle bag... Rush steps out from the  shadows and hops out of the truck-- But the shocking moment  is cut by a pair of headlights... 199 Down the ramp, the Gate Guard anxiously approaches in his  Security Cart... He sees the trail of blood and dead Guard.  The cart reverses back as fast as it can-- Mouse and Rush  both unload their SILENCERS, pop-pop-pop-pop. Every shot  misses as the cart whips around and disappears up the ramp. 200 FLOOR V - LOBBY, Will stands by the elevator... A WHITE  STROBE LIGHT FLASHES with a high-pitched alarm ringing  throughout the concrete cave. Will looks around, panicked.  Around the corner, Rush comes sprinting, followed by Mouse  pushing the wheelbarrow.  What the fuck happened???  Relax.  Where’s S-Bull??  He’s gonna meet us up top. 201 Now with Vidal’s CHARGER, there’s a swarm of COP CARS  trailing behind... In the passenger seat, Vidal stares at  the STADIUM where it all ends. 202 DING. The elevator opens. Mouse pushes ahead with the wheel  barrow, followed by Rush and Will each dragging a bag out.  As Will pulls his first bag out, he notices the TV in the  corner. It’s the MIDDLE OF THE 3rd QUARTER!!! 203 At Lisa’s Mom’s house, Lisa sits anxiously, BUZZ-BUZZ. She  looks over to see a TEXT from a random number... Too anxious  to look at it, she turns the phone over. 204 WE FOLLOW MOUSE wheeling into the DRAINAGE tunnel. The  area’s a damp industrial maze of pipes going every which way.  This area should be pitch black, but the STROBE LIGHT pulses  like a heart beat-- Mouse sees down the long tunnel, SUN  LIGHT streaming through a 6 x 6 IRON STEEL GRATE...  As Mouse approaches, he sees through the GRATE, a field of  grass and a BLACK SUV with CARLA opening the trunk doors.  Mouse wastes no time, and pulls out a hand WET SAW from the  wheelbarrow and fires it up-- BZZZZZZ. 205 Will drags the bag toward the drainage tunnel. In the BG we  hear the sounds of COPS arriving near the elevator area.  Rush drags his last bag toward the silhouette of Mouse in a  shower of hot glowing sparks... Then we hear a loud CLANG.  Mouse shuts off the saw and kicks the grate open.  Midway through the final stretch, Will stops and breathes  HEAVY through the ventilation mask. Will puts his hands on  his knees for one final breath before the last push.  Will looks up to see-- With sunlight shining through, the  menacing dark silhouette of RUSH slowly approaches. Will  slings the extra bag over at Rush’s feet.  A loud ROAR from the crowd rumbles above. Rush looks up and  closes his eyes to feel the crowd.  Will looks up with eyes big, now realizing too late.  BANG! Will’s shot in the chest. It’s a stunned reaction as  another loud ROAR from the crowd erupts. BANG-BANG-BANG.  Will fall’s back like a chopped tree onto his bag of money.  Rush looks down at the limp body as the alarm light strobes.  Rush grabs the bag off Will’s back and as he does, the  painter mask gets hooked by the bag strap and pulls it off...  Rush stumbles back in shock when TOMMY’s bleach blond hair  pops out from under the ski mask-- the sound drowns out...  GRIER!!!  CLOSE ON: WILL’s FACE  HIGH SPEED: We pull back to REVEAL: WILL on the sidelines--  Under a deep blue sky, bright sun shining down. Will puts  his helmet on and runs out to the field.. Tommy’s purpose  exemplified in no greater way.  HIGH SPEED: In the dark and dingy tunnel, Rush stumbles back  like he’s been shot... In the darkness Tommy’s lifeless face  illuminates through the strobe light.. 209 AT THE SUV, with a bag over his back, Mouse drags another bag  across the grass as Carla watches on. He gets to the SUV and  dumps each bag into the trunk. 210 Rush’s haunted face is frozen by the blind side deception.  The sounds of COPS from the other end grows loader...  Rush! We gotta go!!  Rush snaps out of it, looks toward the grate to see: MOUSE  backpedaling with a bag on his back, dragging another bag.  Rush jogs to the grate, slings the last bag over his back.  THEN he pulls TWO AR-15s from the wheelbarrow-- He slings  one over his shoulder and carries the other out... 211 Rush now approaches the SUV, as Mouse finishes packing his  last bag-- Rush lines the AR-15 up on Mouse’s head...  That’s when Mouse looks in the rearview and notices Rush.  Record scratch-- They both turn and see a COP CAR pull up in  front of the SUV. Rush hands Mouse the other AR-15. They’ll  have to talk about that later... If there is a later.  From each side, COP 1 and COP 2 approach. Rush nods for  Mouse to go left, he’ll go right... After some measured  breathes-- They both pivot around the SUV and creep between  parked cars, on the hunt--- COP 2 has an angle on RUSH. COP  1 has an angle on MOUSE, BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG!  Rush takes cover as a series of PINGS and THUDS impact the  car around him-- The SUV’s windshield and driver side window  CRACK, taking multiple hits.  On the other side, Mouse catches a bullet in the shoulder and  falls back, wounded.  RUSH pops over the hood-- Braap-Braap-Braaap! Cop 2’s tagged  multiple times and he’s down.  Wounded and filled with adrenaline, Mouse hides between a row  of cars and circles around to flank Cop 1, who’s taking cover  behind his car... WHOOSH, Mouse blurs between cars and  appears behind him-- Braap-Braap, he puts Cop 1 down.  Mouse stumbles toward the SUV as Rush opens the passenger  door to find Carla, lifeless and bloody... His eye’s enrage  with hell-fire-- Just then, a fleet of FEDs, TACTICAL  OFFICERS, and Vidal arrive on the scene.  Oblivious to the new danger, Mouse opens the driver side door  and pulls Carla out... Mouse then gets in the driver seat  and yells for Rush to, “GET IN!”  But Rush ducks down, as they receive countless rounds of  fire... Brraaaap-Brraaap-Brraaaap-Brraaaap. Rush rises up  through the smoky damage to see Mouse, covered in blood...  Dead.  Rush explodes with anger, unleashing return fire at the  officers. He sends them scurrying behind cars. He now runs  to the driver side door, and pulls out Mouse’s lifeless body,  then takes the driver seat position...  Meanwhile, Vidal and a team of tactical officers stream  through the parking lot to cut Rush off--  With tires squealing, Rush makes his way through the parking  lot-- He sticks his AR-15 out the window and unloads fire at  Police Officers attempting to cut him off, Brraaaap-Brraaap!! 214 STADIUM - ON THE FIELD, LA is in a hurry up offense.  TV ANNOUNCER 1 (O.S.)  Here it is folks. The game’s on  the line and LA has a shot. It’s  3rd and long as they line up on  Seattle’s 40 yard line.  ANGLE ON: CLOCK - 0:16 4th QUARTER  Will’s lined up, an intimidating cornerback stares at him,  “GO!”-- Will sprints off the line, the cornerback manhandles  him down the sideline. Crane drops back, searching for Will.  Crane throws it but the cornerback has him every step of the  way and tips the ball out of bounds. 215 Vidal makes it to the empty street and as she does-- RUSH’s  SUV spills out. Vidal takes aim and empties her clip, she  hits: the left tire and shatters the rear window.  The SUV swerves, speeding through an intersection and BANG!  The front of his SUV get’s T-BONED-- The SUV does a 180 spin  and stops in the middle of the intersection, now facing  VIDAL. The car horn blasts out, Brrrrrrrrrrr. The SUV is  now a smoking, bullet-riddled heap.  THROUGH the SUV’s windshield, you can’t see shit, just smoke.  Rush raises his head and the car horn stops. He’s in bad  shape and coughs up blood, almost laughing.  With a mouth full of blood, Rush looks at the bag of cash  covered in broken glass, then looks through the windshield..  Through the smoke we see VIDAL approaching, gun aimed.  -HIGH SPEED: We 360 around Vidal... It’s a heroic moment as  she finally cuts the head off the snake. 216 STADIUM - ON THE FIELD, In the huddle, Crane calls a play and  “BREAK”. As they break we’re IN HIGH SPEED:  Will runs to his spot and looks ahead at the Cornerback...  Will sees himself in the reflection of his visor.  eye the slant... Burn him deep.  Will points his foot slightly left and looks left. The  cornerback clocks it.. 217 MIDDLE OF THE STREET, Standing now only 10 feet away, Vidal  stares through the wispy smoke. She see’s Rush’s eyes  staring right back. An officer approaches and tells her,  “Vidal we just confirmed, he makes number four.” 218 INT RUSH CAR, Rush looks from Vidal to the seat next to him  and sees the gun. He picks it up and reloads, CHUCHAK.  In Rush’s car, we hear:  TV ANNOUNCER (PRE-LAP)  One more shot. This is it. It’s  4th and long with 5 seconds left.  20-16 it’s touchdown or go home. 219 STADIUM - ON THE FIELD, Will looks down the line at Crane  then back to the cornerback...  Crane snaps the ball on “GO!”-- Will goes hard left then  right, he breaks the cornerback’s ankles and streaks down the  sideline... WIDE OPEN... Crane sees it and throws a bomb.  The football slowly spirals...  In the corner of the end zone Will dives and CATCHES with  both hands extended... He taps in both feet, TOUCHDOWN. 220 LISA’S MOM’S HOUSE, James jumps for joy and hugs his Mom.  Lisa’s struck with disbelief and emotion. She kisses her  LOCKET as: WILL stands up raising his hands to the sky.  Will Grier has done it again! Give  With the pressure lifted off her shoulders, she now looks at  her phone and opens the text... It’s a photo of the LA  EMBLEM, followed with, “This is for you sis! Love, -T” 221 STADIUM - ON THE FIELD, HIGH SPEED: We 360 spin around Will  with his arms up. As we spin around (we intercut)  TOMMY (PRE-LAP)  In the doorway the shadow grows large and becomes TOMMY. He  walks over to Will on the trainer’s table.  STADIUM - ON THE FIELD: STILL 360’ing around Will STADIUM - TRAINING ROOM: Will straightens up, and meets Tommy in the eyes with as much confidence as Tommy has now.  a football player. STADIUM - ON THE FIELD: THE 360 SPIN continues around until we land on Will’s face. “FREE AGENTS”