 From the short story by Jo Nesbø Use your imagination, everything isn’t as it seems. WHEN WE FIND OURSELVES ON AN AIRPLANE. And we see a WOMAN in her late thirties, a modern woman in all the right respects, including combed and tailored, topped by a distinctive red beret, somebody seemingly sure of herself settling into her business class seat. But don’t be misled by her tailoring, her sense of being so put together, she has all the not-so-subtle fidgeting and mannerisms of a charismatic neurotic. Somebody who has embraced her neuroses as to have them become affectations of something she wears as a uniqueness about her, “an artist,” although when stripped naked of her success she is just another neurotic desperate for the peace of control over her universe. But much more about her to come...At this moment she is busily settling into her seat, doing the little things people do to make their seat, like the show “Alone,” building their shelter from the storm, making the seat her sanctuary; putting up the invisible shell from any potential seat-mates, intruders. In short, making it for these next seven hours her home. And like any good Hitchcock, or Billy Wilder movie, the first thing we really hear is a MAN’S VOICE. Sunny, innocent enough, even a little bit fumbling like a Cary Grant, that begins our journey simply with: She blinks away the fantasy that she would have the seat to herself. And we see a MAN in his early forties wearing an overcoat putting his book bag on the aisle seat next to hers. A handsome rough hewn man who doesn’t smile very often, but when he does it is earned and makes us want to know him. Putting his rolling bag up... She thinly smiles but doesn’t say anything as if fair warning she won’t be spending much time talking with him. A Flight Attendant asks if she can take his coat: He surprises us with an appreciative ironic laugh, giving her the coat...He sits down, getting settled, and tells the Woman beside him, unabashed... Despite herself, the Woman smiles. It’s hard to know if it’s his first or last name. Which has Mackensie and her laughing. In spite of himself, she is charmed by him. Mackensie reaches, sweetly... She smiles and shakes his hand. She settles back, the plane starting to make its way to the runway. She looks at him, there is something else about him, that has her instincts sense caution, but she lets it go... The AIRPLANE is poised at the end of the runway, the engines picking up speed sending them hurtling down the runway. He sees she is nervously clenching her fist. He kindly puts his hand over hers to alleviate the anxiety...She grimaces a smile of appreciation...He moves his hand as quickly as he put it there not to appear forward...They safely take off...She exhales... She’s found some truth about him. He looks momentarily away. His moment reflecting on this, too close to home, is short lived...but what he does say... It gives her pause for thought... She looks at him. He doesn’t say anything. A Flight Attendant asks them about drinks. They both settle on Diet Cokes. They lapse into quiet. After some moments: The Flight Attendant asks if they want refills. She hesitates. The Flight Attendant leaves. He laughs at the taste “entendre.” The Attendant returns with their drinks. They both look at them. She smiles, enjoying the temptation. She clinks his glass. They drink. Both of them cough, not used to the taste anymore. Their eyes meet and hold. Joanna looks away, obviously upset. She hesitates, then: He listens avidly. And she says, startling... A beat, Mackensie looks at her, not sure if it’s a bad joke. He looks at her as if questioning her stability. And even she laughs. She laughs at the dark absurdity, raises her glass to toast him. After a moment of hesitation, despite his reluctance... She clinks his glass. They’re eating dinner now. One drink has become three. And perhaps we see a glimpse of that, Joanna with a long haired Irish playwright making love on the stage floor. Her eyes are filled with tears... And she starts to cry. She looks at him, taken with him for a moment... He’s quiet...she looks at him... And there’s something deadly honest about the way he says that. The plane completely darkened, people sleeping. Joanna and Mackensie sitting in the dark. She looks at him. She empties her glass with a long swallow. They share a long look. He looks at her. Mackensie gets up from his seat. She watches him, his strong figure, make his way up the dark aisle to the restroom. She looks down the aisle after him. Finished, he’s washing his hands. There’s a soft knock on the door. He opens it...and Joanna is there. She slides inside, closing and locking the door. She fervently pushes against him. She hikes up her skirt, she fumbles to undo his belt. He lets her at first, then pulls back, hesitant. Which makes Joanna metaphorically embarrassed. She straightens herself... She starts to leave. He takes her shoulder and surprising her, tenderly kisses her. And now there is a real intimacy in this closed bathroom inside an airplane. She looks at him. He doesn’t say anything. They just look at each other when there’s a knock on the door. They open the door and the Flight Attendant, seeing both of them: The dark plane. Under blankets, they have laid their seats flat like a king sized bed...the arm rest all that’s between them...They lay in the darkness...she has raised her shade... The moon bathing them; its white light on them through her window... He looks at her in the moonlight...He conjectures... Christopher Wren’s empty magical and elegant 10th Century church, built through him by the hand of God. Mackensie and Joanna stand looking at the names of the great poets and artists...looking down at their feet metaphorically standing The lights going by as they sit together racing through the tunnel under the sea... She has closed her eyes, drifting...imagining... Riding the Metro. They walk through the tunnels...where people are living all kinds of lives under the city in encampments...someone singing...someone dancing...someone laughing...someone crying... They watch a heartbreaking ballet. Sitting on a hotel suite’s roof terrace eating bread and cheese... Making love in the first light on a bed in a hotel suite... He’s quiet, feeling foolish. Joanna takes a pill box out of her purse...takes up a pill... She swallows the pill without any water...She crawls further under the blanket, burrowing... We see that... EXT. THE AMALFI COAST - DAY We see that with its eternal light on the Mediterranean... And we see he has quieted...Upset, near tears... We see a blue piece of Roman glass they have found among the rocks on the Mediterranean shore... He’s silent with his thoughts... Gathering his composure... We see them on the narrow path precariously walking along the ancient castle’s fortress wall... We see them floating together in the coral turquoise African sea... IN THE DARK PLANE... He looks over at her... And embracing that thought she gives him a small satisfied smile...Closing her eyes... Her eyes are shutting for good... She looks at him once more as if being certain to remember him... And breathing regularly, she is peacefully asleep...He’s quiet, lying in the dark, Joanna asleep beside him. We look at her, head on the pillow, bathed in the darkness... And we come TRACKING along the aisle of people in various positions asleep...and we arrive at Mackensie laying side by side with Joanna in the darkened plane...Joanna sleeping. He’s still. He looks at her figure...her cheek out of the cover...He lays quietly for some moments in the dark, listening to her rhythmic breathing...He fingers a ring on his hand...and opal...He looks at her, he hesitates, a long moment’s indecision...But he has a job to do and he lightly pushes the opal; it slides away...under it we see a small amount of powder...He takes out a sewing needle from his pocket...he licks it, hesitates again, and then judicious like an expert chemist puts it into the powder...The powder sticking to the needle’s wet end...He looks over at her still figure...And ever so lightly he brings the needle to the crevice in her neck behind her earlobe...He starts to stick the needle into the crevice, just enough to draw a small pearl of blood, and seems about to go deeper...when he stops. And making a fateful decision, he withdraws the needle and stows it away...and all that’s left is the smallest pearl drop of BLOOD where the needle had been...as small as a teardrop... And as he quickly dabs the blood away with his little finger...Joanna left to sleep, having felt nothing...As Roy Orbison sang: “In dreams...” Great activity; people getting their things to disembark. We see Mackensie shaking Joanna, trying to wake her from a deep sleep...She stirs, groggy... She shakes herself, coming awake... Her Apple type watch “BINGS”...She looks at it... It’s sobering, she comes fully awake...weighing her options, confused... He puts a slip of paper in her hand... He rushes out of the airplane. She opens the paper: which just says: “Connaught.” An African DRIVER meeting him with a sign, simply: “London.” The Driver laughs. As they come outside: It’s pissing rain as only it can in London. And as he holds up an umbrella for him, walking through the rain toward a waiting car... Opening the car door for him... As the Driver lowers his umbrella and Mackensie gets into the car... We see Joanna in the main hall looking at the giant departure screens. She can see the flight to “Reykjavik” is leaving in less than an hour. She looks at her watch, making a decision. A Man bumps into her. She virtually jumps out of her skin. He apologizes and moves off. She looks over at other people all around her...any one of them could be her appointed killer. Rain falling on the staid old hotel...We see Mackensie with the help of the African driver exit the car. The Driver carrying his bags walking him under his umbrella to the hotel. They say goodbye, Mackensie taking his bags going inside. The Driver coming back to the car. Taking up his phone, calling someone...As he gets back into the car and drives off...Some few moments...and we see Mackensie, carrying his bags, coming right back out of the Hotel. He gets into a waiting taxi. The main hall with the giant departure screens. We see that the flight to “Reykjavik” is blinking, “Boarding.” We look for Joanna and see she is gone. We see Mackensie under a hot shower...the steam fogging the glass...And the shower door suddenly opens and Joanna, naked, having plainly made her decision, comes in with him. She stops him from saying anything with a kiss...and as they blindly throw themselves into each other, gratefully holding onto each other as if a port in the storm...and as they ardently make love in the hotel shower... Dressed in her red beret and coat, Joanna comes into the living room. Mackensie, dressed again in his suit and his overcoat, is sitting in an overstuffed easy chair. He leans his hands on his thighs like a prizefighter, and he says, forthright... She stops. He looks up. Before she can say anything... He pauses, quiet... She’s still, unsure. He doesn’t answer her. She’s quiet knowing that is just so. He gets up and goes to the window...looking outside... His phone RINGS. He looks down at his phone...it just says “LONDON.” Rain running down the windows. Mackensie and Joanna in the back of the hansom cab are embroiled in a heated discussion: And before he can object any further she jumps out of the Taxi... Rain falling. And we see they are parked in front of a nondescript brick building with a few windows and a single name over the doorbell, “London.” She looks up very aware of the security camera looking down on her. She buzzes. A moment and the door sounds opening. She looks for a moment back at the Taxi in the rain, Mackensie in the window...She hesitates and goes inside... She climbs up a staircase to a small reception area. Cameras are visible everywhere. Nobody seems to be there, but most immediately a door opens and a YOUNG MAN in an expensive tailored suit answers. Before she can say anything:  THE TAILORED YOUNG MAN  Ms. Dunlap. Please follow me. He takes her behind the reception door inside. A hallway with some few doors all of which are closed and always seem to be closed. He takes her to a corner office, knocks once, a VOICE is heard, and he shows her in. Where a tall Man in an unremarkable suit, a man with very little affect, is standing at his desk greeting her without a hint there is a person inside him, metaphorically an invisible man... He furrows his brow. The phone rings. He gets it. He listens. He says... He hangs up. But something, her story training pokes her intuition... He opens the door, showing her out... And for the first and probably last time he smiles, a toothy smile of someone who is sure of the eventuality of all things...and he says something all too familiar to us in another context, but here most chilling... His smile goes as quickly as it’s come. The door closing after her. She moves back along the closed doors hallway, starting for the stairs...when she sees a Security Guard has come to stand by the front door waiting at the bottom of the stairs with an open umbrella for her. He offers her an accommodating hand, even that seeming malevolent... And as she goes past him out the door... The Taxi parked on another street in the rain, Joanna and Mackensie in the back. She looks at her watch... They’re quiet, looking out at the rain. It gives her a moment’s satisfaction at the possibility. We see a neighborhood of one after another of small old traditional suburban faux brick English row houses...we already know what each looks like inside; the carpet color, the wallpaper, the linoleum floor in the kitchen, the clock that looks like a cat with its wagging tail keeping time... When we see an overweight fastidiously dressed MAN in his early sixties carrying a large wrapped gift get out of a chauffeured car. With his hat and finely tailored suit, that despite his size fits like a well made glove, he looks like a barrister or an MP, or a latter day version of Alec Guinness in “The Ladykillers,” elegant, graceful, and deadly. We will come to know him as MR. LIME. He goes up the steps to the row house. The door is open, welcoming... He comes quietly inside...so quiet that women busy in the kitchen don’t notice him...He goes out a patio door... ...where various families are sitting around a small backyard...children playing at a birthday party...He silently stands apart holding his gift...when a little Boy comes cautiously over to him...The Boy stops, intimidated by him... The Man takes the Boy’s little arm bringing him closer, but not quite to him...as near as he gets to touching someone much less hugging someone...He gives him the gift...The Boy looks if it is alright to open it... The Boy opens it...It’s a large stuffed horse...the Boy is delighted...rubbing its mane... A harried Woman looks over...The Boy returns to his Grandfather, but he’s already, like the end of the day, disappearing as quietly as he came... And we hear Mackensie’s VOICE, OVER. Mackensie and Joanna in the back of the hansom cab on their way somewhere... And we see Joanna sitting virtually alone at the bar in a quiet lonely pub having a drink... Joanna writing a “suicide” note on a paper napkin, folding it, leaving it with her bill and her payment under her empty glass...Getting up and leaving the bar right away... We see Joanna coming along the distinctive bridge over the Thames, stopping, looking down at the water... The Bridge road emptying, becoming quiet...Joanna on the dark street looking down at the dark water, nobody else around... And WE SEE IN RAPID MACABRE SUCCESSION: MACKENSIE WALKING BY A MAN STANDING HOLDING ONTO A STRAP ON THE TUBE, STUMBLING INTO HIM WHERE WE SEE HIM QUICKLY INJECT HIM WITH THE SMALL BUT DEADLY SEWING NEEDLE IN THE HAND... AND AS THE MAN IS UNAWARE WHAT HAPPENED BUT A “BEE STING,” AND RUBS THE SITE, WHILE MACKENSIE GETS OFF THE TRAIN... THE MAN TAKING IN THE SUN LAYING ASLEEP ON THE LAWN IN HYDE PARK...MACKENSIE WALKING OVER... ...BENDING DOWN AND COVERING HIS FACE WITH A HANDKERCHIEF, COVERING HIS NOSE AND HIS MOUTH UNTIL HE STOPS BREATHING... AND WALKING OFF... THE MAN IN A STARBUCKS ENJOYING A CUP OF COFFEE AS HEAD DOWN HE READS A BOOK...WHEN WE SEE MACKENSIE WALKING BY AND DEFT, WITHOUT AN UNNECESSARY MOVEMENT, PUTS SOMETHING INTO HIS COFFEE AND WALKS ON... THE MAN STANDING ON THE BRIDGE LOOKING OUT AT THE WATER. WE SEE A BIKE RIDER APPROACHING HIM. AS HE COMES CLOSER WE SEE IT’S MACKENSIE. HE STOPS, GETS OFF HIS BIKE, GOES TO STAND SOME SLIGHT DISTANCE FGROM THE MAN LOOKING OUT AT THE WATER. The Man nods...Mackensie comes closer... The Man looks over at the distinctive building. ...and Mackensie, having had enough, picks the man up under the arms and simply throws him over the railing...Mackensie getting on his bike riding off accompanied by a resonant sound somewhere between a splash and a splat. She looks at him remembering if she needed a reminder just who he is. (Maybe he is, maybe he isn’t)...but she chooses as we do to be on the side of the better part of angels and she laughs on our behalf a hoarse laugh, appreciative... Joanna on the dark quiet Bridge over the Thames... And we see Joanna, doing as planned, once the bridge is empty, taking off her shoes and leaving them on the bridge by the railing, and walking away... We see the Bartender reading the “suicide” note on the napkin she had left...and going to the phone, dialing... When we see Mr. Lime coming out of a taxi, putting on his hat, going into the Hotel. We see the elevator arrow coming to a stop on a particular floor. We see Mr. Lime getting out. He crosses to a room. He lightly knocks. Quiet. He knocks again. Nothing. Using a pass key he goes inside. He looks around the room. He goes into the bedroom...the made bed...into the bathroom...the discarded towels...Strands of Joanna’s hair in the sink...He goes into the living room. He looks at the slightly sunken form on the overstuffed chair cushion where Mackensie had sat. He meticulously fluffs the pillow bringing it back to shape. He sits down on the couch content to wait. He takes up the phone. When we see Joanna’s shoes she left on the bridge circled with chalk and protected by crime scene tape. And now we see Police are collected on the bridge over the Thames, a HELICOPTER circling, a Police craft in the water, where two divers are in the water searching... WHEN WE SEE A PAIR OF WOMAN’S BOOTS COMING ALONG A STREET. Where we see Joanna, wearing boots now, carrying her suitcase, Mackensie beside her, carrying his, hurrying along a London street... We see Mr. Lime sitting at a room service table, wearing a bib and consuming a lobster. His phone rings. He answers without saying anything. He listens. He hangs up. He gets up, taking off his bib, straightening himself. He takes a last roll, buttering it...puts his hat on and goes out. He patiently waits for the elevator. It arrives. He goes into the elevator. As he stands with his hat on, finishes the buttered bread in one bite, the elevator door closes and he is gone. The Police scene on the bridge and in the water. And we see Mr. Lime with his distinctive hat coming out of the dark, crossing the bridge arriving at the scene...He says something to a plainclothes officer...they seem to know each other... The Detective shows him the “suicide note,” protected in an evidence baggie...He motions at their feet on the bridge... And Mr. Lime, spreading a handkerchief on the pavement and kneeling on it so as not to get his pants dirty, kneels to look at Joanna’s shoes left there...He comes to his feet, retrieves his handkerchief, folds it neatly back up and puts it inside his coat pocket. He looks at the activity on the water...And as he turns and looks off down the street into the night not believing for an instance anybody has killed themselves there this evening... A Taxi moving quickly with Mackensie and Joanna through London...they’re both quiet, their lives upended...and Joanna sees the magnificent edifice of Westminster Abbey. He pulls over...Mackensie helps Joanna out... They rush to the towering church’s doors...It’s closed...Two machine gun wielding Guards. Mackensie goes to the door talking to a Guard...taking out his wallet showing something to him...The Guard opens the gates... He opens his wallet showing her a small pin with a distinctive letter “L” for “London,” and an angel figure for either an “angel of death” or an “angel of mercy.” They come inside...it’s empty, dead quiet...She looks at the roof, awestruck by the majesty...their feet echoing...on the ancient stone floor... She looks at the timeless “Coronation Chair.” She turns and he’s come to “Poets’ Corner...” The gravestones of the people who talked to God. She manages a smile...but she is still in the glory of the eternal church...the poets’ graves at their feet... She’s touched...and for letting her experience this...Looking at him, this man she chose to put her life in his hands... near tears...she says simply... The Taxi driving off, Mackensie and Joanna, luggage in hand, running down the street to a TRAIN STATION. Mackensie and Joanna, with their luggage, running through the terminal and along a waiting train. Getting on board. They find their seats as the train pulls out of the station.  A MAN’S VOICE (OVER)  Next stop, Paris. (But) she isn’t convinced... He doesn’t say anything...they ride in silence...and her watch makes its familiar distinctive “BING.” ...And choosing to believe in him she puts her head on his shoulder...He puts his arm around her...And as they race in the dark under the sea... The train having reached its berth. People streaming off. Mackensie and Joanna carrying their luggage moving with the crowd going into the terminal. A WOMAN stops Joanna, causing her to start... The Woman thanks her and moves along... She nods properly chastised...as they move with the people... He smiles, moving her quickly along with the crowd... And we see from ON HIGH, all of the people pouring out of the station. When somebody catches our eye. And we see Mr. Lime in his distinctive hat is standing on a balcony overlooking the crowd of people as they go out. He looks at his cell phone where a Security Camera surveillance video is playing with a time stamp of Joanna and Mackensie getting on the train in London...Mr. Lime standing on the balcony overlooking the station looking for Joanna and Mackensie. As the people go by below him...Mackensie and Joanna move among the crowd approaching the main terminal...Mr. Lime above them up ahead...When Mackensie suddenly stops, kneeling as if to tie a shoe...Joanna waiting...but this isn’t an accident...he waits until the crowd has all but disappeared...and standing, taking her arm: And he leads her to an Emergency Exit and despite the warning “ALARM WILL SOUND,” he quickly takes her out the door...The ALARM sounding after them...While Mr. Lime, from his grand perch, watches what is left of the people coming off the train leaving the terminal. The terminal emptying. And as he stands on the balcony the terminal emptied and all that’s left is the sound of the Emergency Exit ALARM going off...He looks across the empty station at the Emergency Exit door that hasn’t fully closed after them, a shaft of daylight streaming in where they had gone out. We see Joanna and Mackensie coming through the timeless cemetery...going past “Moliere’s” gravestone, “Chopin,” “Abelard and Heloise,” “Oscar Wilde...” And “Proust...” She doesn’t say anything...He comes by “Jim Morrison’s” grave with an array of bouquets. She laughs, forgetting for a moment their situation, enjoying him...As they move through the cemetery... He turns to another row and comes to stand over a small gravemarker. She comes alongside him. The gravemarker says, “Nora Weathers,” “1977-2017,” “She sleeps in the laps of the Gods.” Joanna is quiet. Joanna is moved by that...  book in her hand, her brow furrowed And after a moment...remains jaundiced... He doesn’t say anything... She’s quiet. And wanting to believe him she takes his arm... Mackensie once again, the Tower being closed, talking to some guards, showing them his pin. The two of them in the glass elevator going up the glorious steel structure. Standing on the observation deck looking at the world at their feet... She looks at him, taken with him, and says... A breeze threatens Joanna’s beret to blow away...Mackensie stops it, his hand gently on her head...She looks up at him...and again, moved, simply says for everything... We see Mr. Lime alone eating a many course Michelin meal at an elegant French restaurant. His phone buzzes. He looks and sees he’s been sent a Security Camera PHOTOGRAPH of Mackensie and Joanna going into a French hotel. As he frowns at his meal being interrupted and wipes his mouth with his napkin... Joanna and Mackensie asleep together in bed. He awakens to the sound of a VOICE outside speaking French. He wakes Joanna. There’s the sound of the Man’s VOICE again, saying something else... He hurries to the window...and he sees Mr. Lime in his distinctive hat coming into the Hotel. They both throw their clothes on...she grabs up her book bag...while still putting on their clothes he hurries her out of the room... They see the elevator ARROW coming to their floor. He hurries her to the stairs where he can see two flights below them Mr. Lime in his distinctive hat coming up the stairs...He pulls her to where a cart is in the door of a room being serviced. The Housekeeper starts with a fright. He motions her to be quiet. She’s terrified. He takes her cell phone from her pocket...he moves her into the bathroom...he breaks apart the bathroom phone, motions her to be quiet again...and closes the door on her. He goes to the door looking out the EYEHOLE. He can see through the EYEHOLE Mr. Lime moving along the corridor to their room. Mr. Lime puts on some kid gloves. He takes off his shoes. He uses a card key silently opening their room door. As he goes without a sound inside... And as he takes her out of the room... The dark room. Mr. Lime, for some reason takes out a pen, silently clicking it at his side while in his stocking feet he pads silently across the carpet into the dark BEDROOM. He raises the innocuous looking pen and in a motion folds it at an angle to reveal a tiny trigger, turning it into a miniature .22 pistol with the smallest of silencers called a “Stinger Pen,” it defines small but deadly...as deadly as the cattle truncheon the killer, Javier Bardem, carried in “No Country for Old Men.” And without a moment’s hesitation he fires into the bed...the dwarf pistol spitting bullets...the bed, the mattress, in spasms of fire, literally smoldering... But coming closer he sees it’s empty, the vicious tiny and efficient pen gun in hand, standing in the dark room over their empty bed. He hears a car door closing. He goes to the window looking outside. He sees Joanna and Mackensie getting into a Taxi and being driven away. He says to himself the license number...he takes up his phone...texts the taxi number to someone...pushes send...He goes into the living room. He turns the pistol back into a pen putting it neatly back where it belongs in his pocket. He takes up the Hotel phone. And as his dinner was interrupted: They answer. WHEN SUDDENLY THERE IS A BURST OF SUNLIGHT. And we see a modern rental PEUGEOT (what else) coming along a French country road. Joanna is driving, she looks in the rear view mirror where she sees Mackensie is seemingly asleep laying across the back seat. She looks at him for some moments thinking how she got herself into this situation. She looks away, still in the thought, driving. When we see Mackensie isn’t as asleep as he seems. And he suddenly sits up, putting his hands around her throat...and silently and swiftly breaks her neck...the car rolling to a stop... When we see she is still driving, looking again in the rear view at him asleep in the back seat, his murderous hands on her neck all in her head. And she sees he’s come awake looking in the rear view at her. He climbs into the front seat. She doesn’t say anything. And as she drives with an assassin as her companion, running away... They drive up an overgrown road to an old two story French farmhouse. The house in disrepair from disuse...a barn... fields fallow...They get out... They stand looking at the old forgotten house... They come inside. It is as unused and in as much disrepair as the exterior...as if somebody had just up and left all their things and never returned...They walk through the house...the various dusty and unused rooms...suddenly three CATS living there as startled by them as they are go racing by them out a broken window... It leaves an unsettling feeling as they continue through the empty house... They’ve come back outside, looking at the grounds...an empty swimming pool, forlorn rusted chaises with rotted cushions... They go into the BARN...where there is still a vintage late 60s wine colored CITROEN CONVERTIBLE...the key right where it was left...he starts it...after some tries it kicks over...he shows her how its front compression humorously raises and lowers its front end... Joanna behind the wheel of the Citroen, Mackensie beside her...Joanna fitting and starting, killing the motor, jerking and braking, trying to learn using the clutch how to drive the stick. As she lurches through an overgrown field the car nearly disappearing in the tall grass...and in a final paroxysm the car coming to a sudden quit as if it had given up...They laugh at the absurdity of it. They look at each other, the circumstances, this choice they’ve made. He hungrily kisses her. And as they fuck in the old wine colored convertible Citroen in the middle of the overgrown field... The farmhouse lit against the dark countryside. There’s the sound of a TYPEWRITER. A bottle of wine is on a table...and Joanna having found an old typewriter is typing on a piece of paper...some few pages she’s already done in a beginning pile... She smiles at the impossibility of that. Enjoying the classic nature of the typewriter... A CAT comes in the window walking across her typewriter. She starts, chasing it away. The cat racing back out. She settles going back to writing. There’s a sound of him on the stairs. She turns and sees he has found an old but deadly looking shotgun. And he’s leveling it at her... He raises it, to demonstrate... He pulls the trigger and the gun EXPLODES with a deafening roar blowing a hole in the ceiling. The distinctive Centre building. We see Mr. Lime through a window, sitting at a window, in their most elegant of restaurants, eating steak fritte, surrounded by the great art in the Pompidou Centre. His phone sounds. He opens a text. There’s a SECURITY PHOTOGRAPH OF MACKENSIE WITH JOANNA DRIVING THE PEUGEOT OUT OF A RENTAL AGENCY. He shuts his phone, and getting up... Mackensie asleep in bed. He senses Joanna isn’t there. He comes down the stairs. He doesn’t say anything which is her answer. When ABRUPTLY the farmhouse DOOR BURSTS OPEN. They virtually jump up. And they see two armed GENDARMES have come bursting through the door. They motion them not to move. She tells them. The Gendarmes confer...One goes outside...He returns...confirms... He glances to Joanna... They accept that, leaving...They’re quiet, well aware they are on borrowed time. And if they needed a reminder her watch “DINGS.” We see the Peugeot parked on a street in the beautiful and timeless Chantilly. Joanna getting out of the car, her hair stuffed up under a broad brimmed farm sun hat as best as possible hiding her face. She crosses into a Boulangerie. It’s empty. A young woman baker in an apron who is very, what is the best word, fetching? (In French seduisante, enticing), different than attractive, someone by her secretive demeanor makes you want to know much more about her. In her late twenties with a number of curious tattoos that on her pale skin make you drawn to want to touch them; who has a constant enigmatic smile as if waiting to be surprised, is taking some bread out of the oven. Seeing Joanna, and there is an immediate glint she is attracted to her... And without being asked she tears off a piece, literally putting it into Joanna’s mouth. And they will exclusively speak in French with subtitles: They smile at one another. Lilou shows her a tattoo of just that on her shoulder. Lilou shakes her hand. Joanna nods... Joanna doesn’t say anything. She buttons an open button on Joanna’s blouse. She smooths her blouse down for her. Joanna isn’t used to women touching her, but doesn’t dislike how it feels. Putting it in a bag Lilou gives her the fresh loaf of bread. Mr. Lime eating a fancy omelet in a famous French breakfast restaurant with a chicken motif, chicken figurines, chicken drawings and paintings...chickens everywhere...His phone “Dings.” He looks at a text where there is a SECURITY CAMERA PHOTOGRAPH of Joanna getting out of the Peugeot on the Chantilly Street. He expands it to see it says “Chantilly,” on a store behind her. As he finishes his omelet among all the chickens: Joanna coming into the farmhouse with the bread and a couple of bags of groceries. He comes to help her... He doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t say anything again...she slaps him... He grabs her, holding her arms... We see Mackensie compassionately hugging a dying man in a pew in the immortal church. AND WE SEE HIM QUICKLY SEND A SPRAY UP THE MAN’S NOSE...THE MAN FOLDING OVER...MACKENSIE, DESPITE THE THRONGS OF PEOPLE UNAWARE OF THE UNFOLDING STORY, LYING HIM PEACEFULLY ON THE CHURCH BENCH, SILENTLY LEAVING...THE SACRED UMBER LIGHT COMING THROUGH THE STAINED GLASS ONTO THE MAN LYING ON THE BENCH AMONG ALL THE TOURISTS ALONE WITH HIS GOD. She looks at him...A man apart...in many ways quicksilver, unattainable...and her watch “BINGS”... And despite how unattainable he is... We see Mr. Lime sitting in an immaculate most modern Mercedes in a Crepes Restaurant parking lot, eating a strawberry crepe. The lights on in the old Farmhouse. The sound of Joanna TYPING. Joanna busy writing. Mackensie making a fire. She doesn’t say anything. Before she can answer him there’s a startling KNOCK on the door. They both go still. Mackensie takes up the poker, goes to the door. He hesitates and poker ready answers the door. And LILOU, hands full with a fresh loaf of bread, a bottle of wine, a small bag of groceries, and a bouquet of sunflowers is standing there. There’s an awkward moment...while he helps her in. Mackensie nods but is far from fine with it... But as all French women who don’t speak English it is delightful... Joanna comes to help her put her things down... Mackensie understanding the tone and enough French. Lilou smiles her fetching smile. As he looks at Joanna. The Mercedes going by. Mr. Lime listening to oddly blues music driving along a French country road...a sign saying “Chantilly, 10 km.” A radio is playing music. Lilou and Joanna drinking wine, making dinner...the two of them enjoying cooking together... Lilou seductively puts an appetizer to taste in Joanna’s mouth...They laugh...When a stray CAT jumps in the window onto the counter eating an appetizer...Joanna starts... Lilou latches onto her, holding her, comforting her... Mackensie chases the cat...The women laugh at their fears... they go back to making the dinner enjoying each other’s company...Mackensie, forgotten, standing drinking some wine, looks closer at Lilou as she and Joanna happily cook together, something about her catches him...he “puts” it away...and trying to be helpful, he cuts the bread. He slices his finger...his finger bleeding onto the bread, his blood seeping into the bread turning it a malevolent doughy red... Lilou says something in French... Joanna laughs at the insanity of it all. As she takes his hand, putting his finger under the faucet, blood running on the white porcelain sink...Something is rotten in the state of Denmark children... They’re eating bowls of moules...the mussels...seeped in butter and garlic...Lilou sopping up the sauce in some bread...putting it seductively into Joanna’s mouth...Joanna does the same with her...Lilou gets up to bring them some more wine... He nods, he did. They look at each other. Lilou comes back filling their wine glasses, and feeling she’s interrupted something... Mackensie standing just off the porch watching two cats drink from a bowl of milk he has brought them; the sky blanketed with stars in the unknowable night. And we hear the soft sounds of the women from an upstairs window...As he walks off, dealing with his feelings... Mackensie alone in bed in their dark room...and we see Joanna climbing into bed with him...There’s the SOUND of the farmhouse door closing, Lilou leaving. Mackensie and Joanna in bed laying back to back. He nods. They’re quiet. After some moments: His silence gives him away, he is jealous, and how much he has grown to care about her. We can see Lilou getting out of her car coming home. She goes into her boulangerie. She goes upstairs to her apartment over the bakery. She unlocks the door, goes inside. She stops. And Mr. Lime, sitting in a living room chair, his deadly pen in his hand, but being used as a pen now, is writing something in a tiny notebook he keeps, waiting for her. He finishes what he is writing and puts his tiny notebook back inside his coat pocket and capping the pen puts it into his shirt pocket. And a cat of hers jumps onto his lap. He quietly strokes it. If we had any doubts about her we don’t have any, anymore. He sees some folders, even a copy of Joanna’s book, “Girl Up A Tree,” with the cat stuck up the tree on the cover. She doesn’t say anything. He stands out of the chair, the cat running off. He barely looks at Lilou. Buttons his coat. Finishing the buttons... Lilou stands at the window looking outside, watching Mr. Lime in his distinctive hat crossing the street in the misty night air and walking off along the block. Mackensie is standing by the Peugeot as Joanna prepares to drive off. He gives her a look... He nods, trying to accept that... And concerned, he watches her drive away. Joanna, unsuspecting, buoyant, taken with her, hurries into the street to see her. Some people are getting their daily bread, a large old hearth type bread oven cooking racks of bread...Lilou sees Joanna, gives her a secret smile. She hurries through the customers. The moment the shop is empty she turns the sign to Closed, “Fermee.” And the two of them alone fall into each other’s arms, kissing. Lilou takes her by the hand, going out of the shop and holding hands up the stairs. They lay onto the bed passionately kissing. Lilou turns her over onto her stomach, kissing Joanna’s neck, her back... Joanna in the throes of passion when she sees a cat’s dish of milk under a nearby table. And everything seems terribly wrong. She stiffens. She goes into the bathroom. She looks around her...She tries to open the window, it’s stuck. She sees a razor. She takes the blade out...secrets in her hand...She comes out of the bathroom. Lilou nods. Joanna starts out the door...when Lilou sees the cat’s milk bowl and realizes her “cover” is blown...And as Joanna is on her way out...Lilou suddenly grabs her around the neck, pulling her back inside, closing the door...Joanna fingers the razor blade slicing at her arms...Lilou grabs up a hammer...and despite being cut up hits Joanna with the hammer in the chest, knocking her down...and straddling her is about to crush her skull when the door bursts open and Mackensie is there...he pulls Lilou off of her...Lilou hitting him with the hammer knocking him backwards...Joanna scrambles to her feet... Joanna hesitates but listening to him scrambles out the door running down the stairs...Lilou and Mackensie wrestling for the hammer, literally bursting out the door...Lilou far tougher than one would imagine, hammering at him, the two going over, Mackensie trying to fend her off as they roll down the stairs...She manages to get to her feet, running into the bakery shop. He comes after her...she grabs up a deadly bread knife...she literally sinks it into his upper chest by his shoulder...he manages to keep his balance, her hand on the knife trying to bury it deeper into him, him trying to fight her off...when he manages to gather the last bit of his strength and rushing her literally pushes her into the bread oven...slamming the hearth’s metal door...I don’t want to sicken you by the obvious sounds she makes but assume whatever she yells is in French. He extricates the knife. He stumbles out of the shop leaving a trail of blood... He moves as best he can along the street, the trail of blood following him...people afraid giving him wide shrift...as he stumbles to the Citroen...starts the car and races away... Driving with his one good arm...a pool of blood on the floor at his feet... The wine colored car racing along the road. Up ahead he sees a particular sign that says “Chantilly.” He pulls into a parking lot crowded with cars. He gets out. There is the muffled sound of something being announced. He makes his way toward the entrance. And as he gets closer we realize that this is, the stables built in 1720 in the reign of Louis XV, and the racecourse from the 1850s, THE ELEGANT AND BEAUTIFUL GRANDSTAND AND CHANTILLY RACETRACK. He comes outside onto the apron of the crowded racetrack. A race is running. He takes an escalator upstairs. He looks from the second deck down on the track looking for Joanna...As he moves along the stands looking for her... We see Mr. Lime approaching the entrance. And we see on his phone is a Security Camera photograph of Joanna going into the track. When we see Joanna, down on the apron among the crowd, looking everywhere for Mackensie. Mackensie, drops of blood at his feet, looking for Joanna. Mr. Lime, looking through small but powerful binoculars down at the people. WE SEE what he sees, moving across the people’s faces, looking for Joanna. And then, we see her through his binoculars. He stops. He takes his eye away. Joanna down below him on the apron in the middle of the crowd. He gets on an escalator going down. Joanna looking all around... And Mackensie sees her...he moves as quickly as he can to the escalator...he looks around him...and he sees just behind him on the escalator above him is Mr. Lime. He pushes past people hurrying down the escalator. Mr. Lime sees him. He pushes past people on his own...Mackensie reaches the apron...he goes running for Joanna...Mr. Lime, taking out his pen, reconfiguring the pen into its deadly pistol, coming steadily after them...Mackensie makes it to her and without a moment’s hesitation grabs her...moving her through the crowd...Another RACE has begun...the crowd caught up in the race...while they hurry through the crowd, Mr. Lime just after them...He stops, fingering the lethal trigger, aiming it...he has them clear in his sights running from him...He fires...the pistol’s retort a deadly sneeze in the sound of the crowd...He’s come up just short, the bullets ricocheting off the concrete after them...They look back...He aims to fire again...When Mackensie suddenly ducks with her under a railing...and they literally run onto the TRACK... The horses thundering down toward the finish line...They run across the track...Mackensie pulling her right into the path of the oncoming horses, causing chaos, jockeys fighting to avoid them...While they just make it through the equine gauntlet...Mr. Lime watching them get to the other side...Where we are running with them into a large open grass field...and as they just keep on running, and running, and running away... WHEN WE SEE A SMALL COMMUTER PLANE SUDDENLY LANDING. A small plane landing at FIGARI, SUD CORSE, the small bump of an Airfield on the Mediterranean Island. The plane taxiing to a stop. Some fourteen people, Joanna and Mackensie among them, coming down the stairs of a small plane, going into the tired terminal. Nothing much more than a gate with a small waiting area and one large customs room. Mackensie is well aware of the Security Cameras as they go into the customs hall. They come through customs. She looks at him as if to say, “We are?” As he stamps their passports: They carry their luggage up a hill of the small town overlooking the sea. They check into a small hotel. Mackensie, his shirt off, his shoulder heavily bandaged, is standing on their small patio looking out at the sea. She comes outside beside him. He doesn’t answer her which is the answer...And as if on cue her watch “BINGS.” Daily, Weekly...” And we see Mackensie with Joanna on the deck of a solid SAILBOAT...Mackensie talking to a Captain... they shake hands...the Captain going into the wheelhouse... As she shakes “no”: She hesitates...and as he smiles his smile he is playing with her... And we see that once the SAILBOAT is out of the harbor, Mackensie, an adept sailor, is busy setting the sails...the boat taking on wind picking up speed, going out to sea. Joanna watching him, graceful, athletic, moving around the boat, maneuvering the ropes, the sails, between handling the wheel, keeping their course... She looks over at Mackensie at the wheel... She looks at him... She continues to wonder just who she has signed on with...a loving husband or an assassin or both? She holds the rope as he raises another sail... She lets the rope go and as a large sail unfurls, the sailboat cutting through the water; Joanna breathing the air, wind blowing across her...She embraces herself, no matter the circumstances, feeling for the first time in quite a long time, alive... The sailboat anchored in a secluded island cove...Joanna and Mackensie bobbing in the deep blue Mediterranean...She swims over to him. As he pushes back her wet hair and they hold onto each other in the water, knowing all they have is each other...hungrily, almost fearfully, kissing... We see from a distance Mackensie rowing Joanna in a wooden dinghy to a small island... They walk along a goat path on an abandoned island... She motions... And from Joanna as an author’s point of view WE SEE: CLEOPATRA IN ALL HER GLORY, BUT JUST A WOMAN HERE, AND MARK ANTONY, THE RELUCTANT WARRIOR, HAVING COME UP SEPARATE PATHS ONTO THE ISLAND, THE STAR CROSSED LOVERS SEEING EACH OTHER, COMING TOGETHER...WALKING A GOAT TRAIL, TALKING... DESPITE THE WORLD ON THEIR SHOULDERS JUST MORTALS ON THIS COIL... TIME LAPSE to Joanna and Mackensie tracing their steps coming to the aged remaining foundation of a wall... She sits down her back against the remains of a wall... Mackensie sits beside her...A breeze, like time calling, blows across them... He smiles at the enormity of that. She’s quiet...The timeless breeze ruffles their clothing... They’re still...He doesn’t look at her but he says... She turns on him. And the impact of Lilou and her death, the tenuous circumstances they are in, under the gun, she starts to cry, releasing her emotions...She hangs her head...He puts his arm around her, comforting... And as they sit where Cleopatra and Mark Antony once did, a different kind of world on their shoulders...in this movie called “London.” We see a plane disembarking. People coming down the commuter plane’s mobile stairs. And among them, wearing a white linen suit and a Mediterranean style straw hat, is the ineffable ever-present shadow of Mr. Lime. The sky an incredible array of stars. Joanna and Mackensie sitting on the deck, Mackensie showing her a map book. Charting their course... She’s quiet. They look at each other, neither sure of what is going to be...And as if God wanted them to consider other things, it starts to rain...a sudden downpour...they are completely soaked...and as they laugh, running inside for cover... THERE IS A MAN SINGING OPERA. A small restaurant known for its pasta and clams. Mr. Lime alone at a table having vongole and pasta, a bottle of wine, bon appetit! And a waiter, another thing the restaurant is known for, its singing waiters, is singing OPERA. There is a small crowded bar. A group of young people in their late twenties, crew from various boats, in their shorts and t- shirts and sandals, talking too loud, drinking and laughing. Amongst them, but separate, a particularly handsome couple, a very fit and handsome man, reminiscent and as good looking as say Tom Cruise, and an equally fit and attractive woman, come there for the sea, are having drinks, eating octopus. There is a burst of noise from the young people. Mr. Lime, his meal, his peace interrupted, unhappily looks over. His eyes meet Tom Cruise and the young woman’s...it’s brief, the young people, along with Mr. Lime, looking away. As he returns to his clams and pasta with the opera: The boat in the cove in the rain squall. And Joanna and Mackensie, the rain sounding on the portholes, making love on their boat. There is the familiar “BING” stopping them. And as they go back to where they left off with, if possible, even more urgency: Mr. Lime in his linen suit having some fresh strawberries. There’s a light knock on the door. He doesn’t bother to get up but just makes a sound that it’s open. An African Woman, an obvious professional, comes in. When we see some money has already been left on a nearby table. Without further conversation, or ado, he unbuttons his fly. She starts to undress. He shakes no. She kneels to him. As he bites into a strawberry, and I hate to do this but I have no choice not to, and some of the strawberry’s juice runs down his chin... WHEN WE SEE THEIR SAILBOAT CUTTING THROUGH THE WATER. A pristine day. The boat moving through the water...He’s got Joanna handling the wheel, enjoying the adventure, while Mackensie is up a mast, swaying under his weight, releasing a rope to free a smaller jib...He suddenly stops, seeing something on the water...He comes scampering down the mast...Coming to her...He motions...she looks where he is pointing...There is a sailboat on its side, swamped...heads bobbing in the water...He grabs the wheel making their way to them...Getting there he sees a sailboat is capsized, and sinking...a Man and a Woman, neither of them in life vests, in the water...Hurrying, taking off his shirt... And he jumps with his trousers on into the water... ...as he swims to the people in the water, in distress, by the capsized boat...We now see they are the YOUNG COUPLE FROM THE BAR. The Tom Cruise and his partner. She is seemingly unconscious, a nasty gash on her forehead, bleeding...He is struggling to keep her head above water...trying to keep her from going under...Mackensie, reaching them, grabs her from further going under, keeping her afloat...And holding onto her, the young man swimming alongside him, he swims her to their boat... Joanna manages to figure out how to untie the sail...the sail coming down...the boat gone dead in the water...She reaches to help the young Man onto the boat...Mackensie struggling to get the woman out of the water...onto the boat... Once the young woman’s safely aboard...she’s motionless... Mackensie bends, giving her mouth to mouth...she begins coughing, gasping for air...he sits back, catching his breath, exhausted...The Young Man comforts his partner... Joanna comes with a blanket for her, wrapping her in it while she sits on the desk regaining her composure...  things you put ropes around...? And as if to emphasize things, they can see their CAPSIZED SAILBOAT taking on water and going, with a finality, dead under. She nods. She helps Millie up and taking her down below... Mackensie doesn’t say anything. He sees... Mackensie nods...there’s something that isn’t sitting well with him...some instinct... Cody starts to the stairs to go down below... Without a moment’s thought Cody lowers the halyard and goes below... Cody and Millie are sitting with Joanna at the table on the deck having some wine...When Mackensie comes up from below... He gives him his backpack...Cody thanks him...Mackensie sits down with them...pours himself a glass of wine... They reach in toasting that...When suddenly Mackensie literally HANDCUFFS Cody and Millie’s wrists together! Joanna starts... He shows her a familiar STINGER PISTOL PEN. Neither of them say anything. AND WE SEE JUST THAT, CODY POINTING THE PISTOL, JOANNA AND MACKENSIE, EACH WITH THEIR HANDS CUFFED BEHIND THEM, BEING TAKEN UP ONTO THE DECK...AND WITHOUT A MOMENT’S HESITATION CODY AND MILLIE KICK THEM IN THE BACKS, SHOVING THEM BOTH OVER THE RAIL AND INTO THE WATER... THEY HIT THE WATER...GOING IMMEDIATELY UNDER...HANDS HANDCUFFED BEHIND THEM, FRANTICALLY STRUGGLING, UNABLE TO STAY AFLOAT...DROWNING AND FLOATING DOWN INTO THE DARK SEA... THE LAST THING WE SEE IS FROM UNDER THE WATER CODY AND MILLIE’S FACES LOOKING DOWN FROM THE BOAT INTO THEIR WATERY GRAVE...AND RAISING THE SAILS AND EXPERTLY SAILING THE SAILBOAT AWAY... Cody, despite being handcuffed, and despite his boyish handsomeness, the monster in him comes roaring out, he suddenly violently lurches, trying to get at Mackensie... Mackensie taking the wine bottle and without a moment’s hesitation, hits Cory across the head...knocking him senseless... As we see Mackensie putting Cody and Millie, handcuffed separately now, into a boat closet...Cody, coming around... but before he can say anything Mackensie closes and latches the door on them... Mackensie comes back up onto the deck...Joanna, upset, arms protectively folded across her chest, pacing, pacing... Mackensie holds her, comforting her... He hasn’t finished his thought when there’s suddenly the blinding LIGHT from a very bright torch shone on them...so bright they have to block the light with their hands and can’t see who’s shining the light...There’s an all too familiar VOICE... And now we see it’s Mr. Lime on a Zodiac raft, with a crewman, in a ship’s uniform, driving the raft...And we can see in the moonlight a sizable BOAT, its running lights on, is bobbing in the mouth of the cove. Mr. Lime reaches out for a hand...Mackensie hesitates but oddly respectful gives him his hand helping him onto the sailboat. Mr. Lime smiles. Joanna’s quiet. They’re quiet. At loggerheads. Mackensie is quiet... Joanna’s chilled, still... Joanna looks at Mackensie...He doesn’t say anything... Mackensie and Joanna are in the DINGHY, pushing off... Mackensie looks at him, and starts to row them away... Mackensie rowing them away from the boat...And Joanna’s watch “Bings.” And Mackensie rows them further away...Mr. Lime standing on their sailboat deck watching them go...calling out to them... Their dinghy at a distance now...Mackensie rowing...they can see Mr. Lime climbing back onto the Zodiac...the raft motoring back toward the large Boat at the mouth of the cove...when suddenly the sailboat bursts into flame, the sailboat on fire...Mr. Lime having started the boat ablaze... and we can either be macabre and see the Young Man and his partner trapped in the closet and see the horrible fate that awaits them...or we can just as well watch from Mackensie’s and Joanna’s point of view the sailboat in the dark on the water engulfed by the conflagration and leave to the imagination what awaits them...Mr. Lime on the Zodiac on his way back to the waiting boat...and Mackensie rowing them further and further away in the light of a Mediterranean moon. And as if it’s an old movie from the twenties, nineteen twenties that is, we CLOSE THE CAMERA IRIS the way they did to show the end of a particular chapter...our iris closing on their rowboat, the sailboat on fire, and the moon. THE CAMERA’S IRIS OPENS AS WE SEE A YOUNG BOY, NO MORE THAN NINE, RUNNING UP A STEEP NARROW COBBLED STREET THAT’S FLANKED BY ANCIENT STONE BUILDINGS...AS HE RUNS UP THE OLD STREET... RUNNING FOR ALL HIS MIGHT...JOANNA’S WATCH “BINGS...” When the little Boy comes to a gate at a forlorn looking old stone house with a rocky front yard...HE RINGS A BELL... Some moments and a Woman in a full hijab, a black burka, and a niqab covering all but her eyes comes to open the gate. The Boy follows her into the old stone house. And we stop to see just where we are from the top of the hill...Overlooking the Mount of Olives, the Dome of the Rock with its Golden Dome, the Tower of David, the Church of the Holy Sepulchre...It could only be... “Jerusalem.” The Woman says something to the Boy in Arabic along with giving him a list... He nods yes and immediately goes running back out...A moment and Mackensie comes down the stairs...the Woman in the full burka pulls back her head covering...and we see it’s Joanna. Looking around we see they have been here for some time without leaving...dirty dishes in the sink and the most recent ones still on the table...the trash all but filled... everything we can see is well lived in...her computer on a table in the living room open to a new chapter in her book she is writing...As she looks out the window watching the Boy running back down the narrow street: A neighborhood of small well-kept “Victorian” style cottages one after the other the very same. A WOMAN in her late sixties trying to stay younger than she is, but despite her imagined blonde hair, a rouge or three, she is fighting a losing battle and she knows it, and fighting the fight is drinking her third daily wine...And now we see Mr. Lime, some years younger than her, still quite in love with her, busy cooking an elaborate meal featuring veal... When the doorbell RINGS. He goes to see who it is. Opening the door, a very plain man trying to look comfortable in outdoor wear is there...A car idling at the curb with a Woman and a Boy and Girl inside... And he turns going back down the path to his car...Mr. Lime going back inside... He turns on the radio, something forgettable...and as he goes back to his cooking a doting husband and kindly family man, a killer by any other name... EXT. THEIR HOUSE ON THE HILL OVERLOOKING JERUSALEM - The old stone house...And minarets around Jerusalem start calling the faithful to evening prayer. Joanna busy writing on her computer...Mackensie looking outside... She nods, getting up. Fixing her hijab they go outside. The sounds of the muezzins calling...They cross the rocky yard to an old stone minaret that’s on their property... They climb the narrow stairs to the top...coming out onto a platform...they stop to look out over Jerusalem. The Muezzins talking to one another...She studies him... She looks at him, unable to give herself completely to him... And chilled by the coming of the night air she cradles her arms across her chest. When their Muezzin sounds playing from a loudspeaker above them on the Minaret, answering the other calls to prayer...The sound among all the unseen others echoing across Jerusalem. And they hear VOICES from a yard of a house a half block away from them. And when the Muezzin’s calls have stopped they can see an Arab wedding ceremony is beginning in the yard of the nearby house. They watch the unheard ceremony. He shakes “no.” He starts to say something, but stops... He shrugs. He looks at her... When there is the sudden sound of MUSIC...a band is playing at the wedding...people enjoying dancing... They watch the people down in the yard of the house dancing a traditional dance...He purposefully starts down the steps of the minaret...without looking back, expecting her to follow: And we see Mackensie, despite her protestations, hidden in her burka, hurrying Joanna along the street...They come to the wedding house...people overflowing standing around people coming and going...and without letting her have a moment to flee he takes her into the house... It’s filled with people, nobody paying any attention to them, just more guests...He takes her outside to the back of the house... Lights have come on...the people pressed together happily dancing to the band...And Mackensie takes her by the arm laughing, dancing with her like the others in some wild abandonment...she resists at first but throwing caution to the wind joins in, kicking up her legs like the rest of them...both of them laughing and dancing, cathartic...when the music takes a turn, and it becomes a sweet reverie... modern music...people dancing together...And her watch, if they have forgotten, “Bing...” Mackensie and Joanna look at each other and familiarly, even intimately smile all they have shared...and coming together, Mackensie holds her...dancing with her to the Beatles in Arabic, “The Long and Winding Road...” And they kiss...as best as I can tell you how much they truly care about each other...if even only for now...WHEN SUDDENLY A DRUNK MAN COMES CAREENING INTO THEM, KNOCKING THEM OVER...JOANNA GOING DOWN HARD...MACKENSIE UNABLE TO BREAK HER FALL...HER ARM TAKING THE BRUNT OF THE FORCE...Joanna, in great pain...He immediately grabs her up...He runs her back through the house...out onto the street...He sees a waiting taxi...runs her to the cab...putting her inside...getting in with her... and as they race off... Mackensie in the waiting room of a busy hospital waiting for word on Joanna. While a WOMAN in her forties, well kept, but not rich, waiting for someone, sits some chairs across from him...Mackensie’s aware she has been looking at him, carefully... He turns to disengage. He computes this very quickly and his response is... THE MAN SITTING WITH MACKENSIE IN THE CHURCH... As they look up at the ceiling building its way to heaven... She’s terribly moved by that. And having told her that, and not wanting it to go any further, he nods and goes to find another seat. And just then Joanna...in a wheel chair, wearing her burka, is being wheeled out with her arm in a sling and a cast... He looks at her sympathetically... He wheels her out of the hospital... They wait for a Cab. When suddenly the Woman comes hurrying out, taking his PICTURE on her phone. He moves away but too late... And a husky Man in his late forties, uncomfortable in casual clothing, comes beside her...showing her he’s gotten his insulin supplies... Mackensie nods. A Taxi arrives...He helps Joanna inside... Driving away... Joanna is quiet, and as she looks back at the woman... ...Wondering what “peace” looks like... WHEN WE SEE A FACEBOOK PAGE...”IN MEMORY.” A PAGE DEVOTED TO GREGORY WATSON, THE MAN WHO MET HIS MAKER AT THE CHURCH. THERE ARE A NUMBER OF PHOTOGRAPHS OF HIS FULL LIFE...FAMILY, WORK AND LOVE...AND A NEWLY TAKEN PHOTOGRAPH OF MACKENSIE, CAPTIONED, “JERUSALEM,” and...”The last person to talk with Gregory on his way to heaven.” And WE SEE Mr. Lime is looking at Carol’s FACEBOOK PAGE with Mackensie’s photograph on an IPAD. And we see he’s in First Class on a crowded plane, a number of men wearing yarmulkes, on its way to Israel. As a Flight Attendant brings him a meal... He nods...and as he puts a napkin on his lap, settling into what he enjoys most, to eat... Joanna, in some pain, is sitting on a couch. Mackensie quietly looking out the window. And as if to add to their dilemma...her watch, “Bing...” And just then the BELL sounds from the gate. Mackensie motions her to stay there...he looks outside...the little Arab Boy at the gate... Carol and Andy along with her tour group at the Wailing Wall...people praying leaving their most heartfelt prayers in notes they put into the chinks in the ancient temple wall...  A MAN’S VOICE (OVER) She turns...and we see Mr. Lime, wearing a yarmulke, coming to her. He shows her an alleged identification in his wallet. And he’s flattened his accent to sound completely American. He walks Carol some feet away. He showers her Mackensie’s photograph from her Facebook Page. Mr. Lime having some bitter coffee sitting with Carol at a small round table among a number of tables on a narrow street in the Old City. Andy, ever present for her, sits nearby... Mr. Lime is telling her... She shakes no. He nods. He’s gotten all she has to give... And with that, and without looking back, he leaves... Mackensie is hanging up the phone. He looks at his watch... We see Mr. Lime is in a cluttered office looking at taxi logs...A Palestinian Man who has been going over the logs in Arabic with him... Mackensie and Joanna finishing packing, getting ready to go...When the Muezzin starts its call echoing through Jerusalem... The eternal muezzin calling out across Jerusalem...And we see Mr. Lime, along with a thin Man in a yarmulke, coming outside of the wedding house... Mr. Lime, as the muezzin calls, stops to stand in the street looking at the houses around them, sensing they’re near... Mackensie hanging up the phone. And if Mackensie had bothered to look up we can just see Mr. Lime standing on the street outside of the wedding house a few houses away below them... The muezzin still calling...Mr. Lime is about to leave, starting to go back to a car the Israeli Man is getting in to drive them...When he sees THE LITTLE BOY with their bag of groceries running up the street...Lime, quickly reasoning... The Israeli Man goes running after the Boy...and before he can reach their stone house, just a bit further up the hill, the Israeli Man pulls him up. Mr. Lime comes to meet them. The Israeli Man asks the Boy in Arabic. The Boy, fearful, answers him. He motions at their house. The Israeli Man tells him what he was told and the Boy runs off with the groceries to bring to them. Mr. Lime looks around him. The muezzin still SOUNDING. And we see a Taxi coming by them, going to their house. The sound of the BELL, Mackensie seeing the little Boy leaving the grocery bag at the door and racing back off...And seeing the Taxi has arrived... He takes up their bags...and with Joanna in her burka, start out of the house, met by the blast of the urgent SOUND of the muezzin calling. Where we see Mr. Lime and the Israeli Man have come out onto the balcony of a nearby Minaret. The Israeli Man is busy sighting a SNIPER RIFLE, looking down at the yard of their house. We see them come out the door. The Taxi waiting...Joanna and Mackensie coming across the yard... He has Joanna in his sights...Mackensie right beside her...He starts to squeeze the trigger to put an end to all of this... Joanna and Mackensie a moment from their fate...when the MUEZZIN, FINISHED WITH ITS CALL, goes DEAD SILENT...Mackensie instinctively looks toward the Minaret and sees the Israeli Man with the rifle...Mackensie immediately tackles Joanna down just as the bullet intended for her screams by...He drags her instantly behind the heavy gate...bullets riddling the gate...Mackensie manages to open the gate and pulls her, bullets skipping in the street, into the back of the Taxi... The Taxi driver has fled, the Taxi idling...Mackensie pushes Joanna down onto the floor, and crawls into the front seat... sitting below the window he throws the car into gear and pushes the accelerator with his hand...the Cab racing blindly forward...bullets blowing out the windows...the Taxi running over a curb, scraping across a wall...and racing down the hill while bullets chase them...Mackensie scrambles to sit up, and taking the wheel, driving, careens down the street... The Israeli Man comes running out, getting into his car...Mr. Lime coming out shortly behind him...the car reaching him... Mr. Lime getting in...and as they pursue the wayward Taxi... The sun in its last gasps umber on the Holy City. They reach barricaded against cars...He abruptly stops the car... reaching to help her out...He helps her to run toward the Old City...running by some Israeli Soldiers down the way patrolling with their Uzis...Running with her through a gate into the Old Holy City. When we see not far behind them the Israeli Man and Mr. Lime quickly getting out of their car... The Israeli Man hurrying over to hurriedly talk, gesticulating, to the ISRAELI SOLDIERS...Who, quick to react, along with the Israeli Man, go running into the Old City after them...Mr. Lime, not one to run, it isn’t dignified, and knowing the race goes not to the swift but the steady... goes methodically through the gate after them... The last of the light burnishes the narrow cobbled streets and the stone walls. Mackensie and Joanna running through the crowded souks, and bazaars, the Arab and Israeli markets, some in ancient tunnels, others on the narrow stone streets. Mackensie holding her good arm, moving her through the chaos of the ancient city. Running through the incongruous ancient markets, our assassin and his unlikely soulmate trying to dash for freedom. The Soldiers, along with the Israeli Man gaining on them...racing after them through the endless marketplace. And some distance behind them, Mr. Lime, steadily making his way... Mackensie and Joanna reach another gate, running back out of the city...The Soldiers and the Israeli Man now shortly behind them...He blindly runs Joanna up some stairs crowded with Arabs going somewhere...The Israeli Police and the Israeli Man just behind them... They come out onto an open stone plaza as large as three football fields spread out before the eternal golden dome of the Arab MOSQUE, the Dome of the Rock. And as far as the eye can see are the prone figures of fervent Muslims, maybe five thousand people in neat rows, all on their hands and knees in supplication, bowing and raising their heads on prayer mats, in prayer. The Soldiers and the Israeli Man nearly upon them; Mackensie takes Joanna, moving her into the mass of the endless penitents...The Soldiers must stop, not allowed to go into this holy place...And when we look again we’ve lost sight of them, Mackensie and Joanna having disappeared somewhere amongst the ardent followers...Mr. Lime arrives. He stops looking out at the sea of thousands in prayer; and among them, I would say infidels, but more appropriately strangers, welcome in this place of God. And as the sun, if on cue, goes down for the day, the last gasp of its light... WHEN WE SEE FROM HIGH ABOVE, FROM A CEILING’S VANTAGE POINT, MACKENSIE AND JOANNA GOING THROUGH A CROWDED SECURITY LINE AT AN AIRPORT. Mackensie and Joanna making their way in the SECURITY LINE...When we see the familiar appearance of the indomitable Mr. Lime coming into the line not far behind them...Mackensie instinctively turns and sees him...Mr. Lime, without any concern for others in line, making his way toward them... Mackensie and Joanna moving quickly through the metal detectors...Mackensie is stopped, made to go back...Mr. Lime coming for them...going into his pocket, taking out his pen...Mackensie goes back through the metal detector... stopped again...this time taken aside to be patted and frisked...All the while Mr. Lime, his pen in hand, is almost to them...when Joanna, needing to stop him, suddenly starts to scream... And it becomes complete chaos, many ducking for cover, others running...Soldiers plowing into the fray...to encircle Mr. Lime...while Mackensie and Joanna in the chaos, run through security and up an escalator... He clicks it to show it is harmless...And if they need more proof, he writes on his notepad, tearing it off...showing them, it’s only a pen, having written, smartly, “Shalom.” Mackensie and Joanna running through the terminal to the gate...the plane has all but boarded...they show their boarding passes and run down the ramp for the plane...Mr. Lime, nearing the gate, steadily coming after them...They go onto the plane...Mr. Lime reaches the gate just as the door to the plane is being closed after them...He goes down the ramp... He shows her a boarding pass... He’s still... Mackensie and Joanna settled into their seats. Mackensie looks out the window. The Plane starting to taxi away. He can see standing at the terminal window looking out at the plane is Mr. Lime. Mr. Lime looking out the window at the airplane at Mackensie in the plane’s window. Mackensie, as the plane moves away, looking at Mr. Lime in the terminal window. And Mr. Lime, never one to be daunted, does just what Mr. Lime would do, waves a small, almost dear, “goodbye,” as in “not for long.” When we hear the familiar, “Bing.” WHEN WE SEE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PEACEFUL STREAMS RUNNING THROUGH GREEN HILLSIDES. AND WE SEE A CAR COMING ALONG A COUNTRY ROAD. “County Donegal.” “Ireland.” Mackensie driving. Joanna sitting up front with him. She’s quiet. They turn off onto a smaller country road, that goes into the hills. Sheep become plentiful. Small sheep farms, and traditional Irish cottages. She says something in Gaelic. She starts to cry. He doesn’t say anything. They come to a dirt road that goes down onto a sheep farm. He parks the car on a hillside above the farm. He gets out. She hesitates and gets out. Sheep fill the top of the hill...dogs barking and a shepherd tending them. There’s the sound of VOICES down at the small farmhouse. And they can see a WOMAN, buttoning a coat, coming out...and after a moment a MAN in his late thirties wearing a peacoat and a flat Irish cap comes out behind her. He looks like what he is, a playwright. He’s quiet. They watch the Irish Playwright walking up the road with his wife. They stop at where their road turns off from the country road, standing talking. Some moments and there’s the sound of a Bus. And coming around the bend, stopping at the farmhouse road, is a small school bus. Two children, two Girls, jump out. The Bus driving off. Danny and his wife and his children, very happy to see each other... they go back down the road to their farmhouse, a particularly close knit family, the girls chattering away...then running the rest of the way to the house... Danny and his wife wearing their good feelings about the way things are like clothing, going back to the house...he stops for a moment to kiss her and they follow the girls inside... And they are gone just like that, the only sounds the sheep and the dogs as the shepherd walks the flock further up the hill. Joanna’s still. She looks at him. And she says, truly grateful... She looks at him. An Irish breeze ruffles at their clothing. She looks at him. And unsaid is, “what else could anybody want?” And as they stand on the green hillside in “County Donegal.” We see them at the desk checking into a small hotel in the coastal town of Galway. Turning from the desk, starting for the stairs, he stops at a small gift shop. He goes inside...He gets a toothpaste going to the counter when he sees a rack of paperbacks and a particular book catches his attention. A copy of “Girl, Alone.” Joanna’s first book, which has on the cover a casket in a grave. We PAN across the book on a nightstand to Joanna and Mackensie making love in the small top floor room where the ceiling angles to meet the floor; and one can see out the window the River Corrib meeting the Atlantic Ocean. When they’ve finished, laying in the dark, Joanna holding him... And his silence in the dark tells us he doesn’t know... Joanna is asleep...Mackensie unable to sleep is reading her book...There’s the startling RING of the phone...Joanna awakened...Mackensie grabs it...  A WOMAN’S VOICE (OVER)  A Mr. Lime is calling from London. He hangs up. She’s quiet, trying to go back to sleep. He goes back to her book, the casket in the grave on the cover. He puts it down, thinking...Something substantial crosses his mind. He takes up the phone. WHEN SUDDENLY WE SEE A PLANE LANDING. We see them getting off of a plane. Where we see a sign on the wall, “WELCOME TO BUFFALO.” And he still doesn’t. And as they get on the escalator on their way down the street... We see a Taxi coming through a neat leafy neighborhood with small but comfortable houses. It comes to a stop in front of a house. They get out...They go to the door...RINGING the BELL. A moment and the door opens. And the widow CAROL WATSON, answers the door, startled to see him and her there. We can see inside the solid looking man ANDY, the Homicide Detective, is sitting at the kitchen table, the two of them having dinner. We see a portrait photograph of Carol and her late husband Gregory over a mantle. Carol and Andy with Mackensie and Joanna sitting in a plain simply decorated living room. Mackensie is telling them: Carol and Andy are both quiet, having heard their story, not knowing what to think. Andy is quiet. Carol looks at the portrait of her and her husband. And giving them her answer...getting up... Joanna, having come from the bathroom, in a nightgown Carol had loaned her, comes back into the room. Mackensie is still dressed...and putting on his coat...he tells her... She moves to stop him... He takes her shoulders. And with that he turns to go... And she holds him... And turning he goes out the door... And he’s gone...She looks out the window...a Taxi is waiting...she sees Mackensie cross from the house, get into the Taxi...and he’s gone. Her watch goes off, “BING.” Mackensie, unable to sleep, sitting alone in the sad lounge in a chain hotel’s bar having a drink...thinking about what comes next...He takes the paperback copy of her book out of his coat pocket...He finds his place, near the end, reading...He reads something that has him go back a page and read it again...He stops to think about something...as he sits alone at the bar his reflection in the bar mirror, a man without a home. Where we see Mr. Lime getting off of a plane, coming to America. As he starts into the terminal... He turns. Mackensie who has been sitting waiting for him, gets up. A working class diner. Mr. Lime and Mackensie are sitting in a booth. Mr. Lime relishing a plate of three eggs, five pieces of bacon, hash browns, corn bread and soaked in gravy. He looks at him. He gets up. Mackensie turns to go... And Mackensie remembers he has her paperback book, “Girl Alone,” with the casket on the cover in his pocket. He takes it out, and without any fanfare tosses it in a trash can... And heads out the door. The phone’s RINGING. Carol comes to get it. Joanna comes to get the phone. Joanna takes up the phone...Carol goes into the other room... He tells her where... And as Andy, putting on his gun, getting ready for work, comes out of the bedroom... WE SUDDENLY SEE THE BREATHTAKING SIGHT OF THE NIAGARA FALLS THUNDERING AS THEY DROP BELOW. We see Mackensie and Joanna putting on their bright red rain ponchos as they wait to board the Maid of the Mist Niagara Falls EXCURSION BOAT. Arms protectively across her chest she seems tremendously nervous. He puts his arm around her. The people, all in their red ponchos, start getting onto the boat. As they follow them aboard... Joanna and Mackensie on the crowded boat of newlyweds celebrating seeing the mighty Falls. Mackensie, his arm around her, the two of them getting wet from the falls’ spray... He goes into his pocket. He gives her a child’s girl’s ring. He puts the ring on her finger. Touched, she puts her head on his shoulder. The boat approaches even closer to the falls... They push their way to the back of the boat as it swings around coming precariously close to the falls. Everyone presses forward to the railing to get as close as they can... Mackensie and Joanna at the front of the people at the railing...As the boat swings as close as possible under the roaring falls he grabs her, holding her, romantically kissing her, goodbye...There’s a crush of people where we lose sight of Mackensie and Joanna in all the red ponchos for a brief moment...until out of all the red we hear a SHOUT... People press close to him...Mackensie searching the water for sight of her...A Deckhand comes running... Everybody scrambles to look if they can see her... But it is obvious there is nothing that can be done...she is gone! Mackensie left to look at the falls and the deep dark water without blinking an eye. The boat emptied...Mackensie talking to some Policemen. And we see it’s ANDY arriving. Mackensie coming off the boat. Starting for a line of Taxi Cabs...  A MAN’S VOICE (OVER) He turns...The ever present Mr. Lime is standing there. He nods. He starts to walk away. And he walks off. Mackensie stands for a moment in the falling light looking at the falls...looking at the boat... and crosses to get into a Taxi...and he’s driven away. We stay for some more time...the Captain and his Crew closing up the boat, leaving for the night...The lonely boat sitting at the empty dock...When we see a FIGURE coming out of a boat closet in a familiar red rain slicker...and there’s the sound of the distinctive “BING.” A boggy bay at the bottom in sight of the falls...a figure in their red poncho lying half out of the water in the weeds... And now we see Andy is already there, the very first to arrive...Another Policeman coming along with a FORENSIC PHOTOGRAPHER...The Policeman going to examine the body. The Policeman is glad not to have to be bothered. The Photographer taking PHOTOGRAPHS of the body of the well known drowned author Joanna Dunlap. WHEN WE SEE THE RESULTS OF THE PHOTOGRAPH IN A BUFFALO NEWSPAPER: “Author Drowns At Falls.” “Joanna Elizabeth Dunlap, award winning mystery writer, accidentally fell from the Maid of the Mist excursion boat to her death at Niagara Falls...” in the distant background. Where we see Joanna’s casket, reminiscent of her book cover, being lowered into a grave. A small number of people, Manhattan book types, along with Andy and Carol, watching the casket being lowered. And as Mackensie is first to throw dirt on her grave...And while others do...we see at the end of the line the last to dig a shovel of dirt and throw it on her grave, verifying his job is through, is Mr. Lime. As the people get in their cars and leave, Mackensie is last to go. He takes one final look, and crossing to his car leaves...We linger on the gravesite...A BULLDOZER COMES TO PUSH DIRT ON TOP OF THE CASKET...FILLING THE HOLE...When we hear the distinctive “BING” of Joanna’s watch. Which has us The buried CASKET. And we further DISSOLVE TO: Where we see Joanna is lying in her casket, not advised for the claustrophobic, with an oxygen mask over her nose and mouth and an oxygen tank nearby. Her oxygen mask rising and falling with each breath of life, despite being buried alive. A memorial reception. Poster boards are displayed around the room with photographs of Joanna’s various book covers with their titles, along with a number of stunning photographs of Joanna... Joanna, literally buried alive, breathing with the oxygen tank...But we can see the oxygen level is falling... When we see Mackensie bringing Mr. Lime a plate of food. Mr. Lime, never one to pass up a meal, eats his food... Mackensie nods. Mackensie nods his respect... “And you, Mr. Lime.” And as he starts out of the Restaurant...coming by Andy and Carol... He shakes Andy’s hand and embraces Carol...and as he hurries out... Joanna’s rhythmic breathing. But the oxygen supply starting to become exhausted. Mackensie in the back of the cab looking at his watch. The sound of the oxygen delivery has begun to labor. As Joanna breathes in and out, in and out... The cab turning a corner. When SUDDENLY a car running a light careens into them, sending the Cab skidding across the intersection...Mackensie, despite his seat belt, bounced around. He finds his balance...shaken, he struggles to open the door...he climbs out... He moves along the street as fast as he is able to go...Just ahead is the CEMETERY... The oxygen has dissipated to a hissing sound...Joanna starting to gasp for air... Mackensie, in some pain, making his way across the cemetery. The hissing sound of the oxygen suddenly stops. Joanna breathing the last of it... Mackensie has managed to make it to her gravesite. He takes up a shovel, starting to dig the fresh dirt... The oxygen tank has gone dead still. Joanna pulls off the oxygen mask gasping for whatever air is trapped in the casket. Mackensie digging as fast as he can. She struggles to breathe whatever last bit of air there is... His shovel hits the casket...he pushes the dirt away... She’s stopped breathing... He struggles to open the casket...Joanna lying still...and she suddenly takes in a huge breath of air and comes completely awake, deeply breathing in the saving air... Mackensie grabs her up...pulling her out...kneeling with her, letting her breathe in the precious air... And she starts to laugh, cathartic, at the absurdity of it all...Mackensie sharing the cathartic laughter with her... And they keep laughing, glad to be together, glad to be alive...When they hear a distinctive CLICKING SOUND...And they see Mr. Lime, clicking his deadly pen as he does, has come to the gravesite. He takes out an old paperback copy of her book, “Girl Alone.” He shuts the book. They’re dead quiet. When her watch sounds, “Bing.” He turns the pen into the lethal weapon that it is. He points the pistol fingering the small trigger about to kill them... When for some reason he loses his footing slightly stumbling...He tries to find his balance... He goes down on his knees...He doesn’t understand what’s happening to him... He tries to get back up but his legs won’t support him and he sits heavily back down. He’s not doing well, not doing well at all. And he tosses him the empty deadly nasal spray bottle... Mr. Lime seems to want to say something but losing his battle with consciousness pitches over onto his stomach like a beached whale. It’s dead still. They don’t move taking a moment to appreciate the exquisite ending together. And as they silently celebrate, sharing a well earned smile of triumph... Mackensie and Joanna finishing putting Mr. Lime into the casket. Closing the lid on him. And we see them from a distance walking away from the grave, walking down the hill past the endless grave markers leaving it all behind. The glorious Bridge. And we see Joanna and Mackensie walking over the bridge back to the City inexorably together. We linger for a moment on their disappearing into the distance with the wonderful feeling anything is possible. And it seems we should end there...but wait... WHEN WE FIND OURSELVES ON AN AIRPLANE AGAIN. Joanna settling into her seat. And the first thing we hear is the MAN’S VOICE, self effacing like Cary Grant, that began our journey: And we see Mackensie with his bags and in his overcoat smiling at her, taking his seat, right back where we metaphorically started. But this time she says... And so happy to be together... Joanna and Mackensie sitting together in the dark plane...  “London.” She puts her head on his shoulder. She starts to close her eyes... She looks at Mackensie once more as if being certain to remember him...She gives him a small last contented smile, and breathing regularly she is safely, peacefully, and blissfully asleep... WHEN DAYLIGHT SUDDENLY POURS IN. The plane landed, arriving at the GATE. The familiar chime that it’s safe to get up. Great activity, people gathering their stuff, getting ready to go. Mackensie gets up getting his things, shrugging on his overcoat. Surprisingly, he starts to make his way off the plane for some reason without her...Before he departs he stops and looks back at Joanna. And here you have it. We see she is still lying in her seat with her head just out of the blanket, eyes closed, motionless. Joanna seemingly at peace, having “lived” the life she so badly wanted, filled with romance and adventure. But now may I say, “dead to the world.” Mackensie takes a last look at her, and his work done, gets off. The plane empties. Joanna still hasn’t moved. A Flight Attendant trying to rouse her, to no avail. She goes for help. Mackensie, his job complete, moving through the busy terminal... Joanna completely alone, lying in her seat on the empty plane. And just to put a button on things, as ironic as can be, we hear one of the most romantic movie songs ever sung, “Moon River,” playing over...”Moon River, wider than a mile, I’m crossing you in style some day. Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker, wherever you’re going I’m going your way...” The unforgettable Mackensie, accompanied by the song, moving through the terminal. “Two drifters, off to see the world...” Joanna, still in her seat. “There’s such a lot of world to see.” Or may I say she is where “being dead” is only another day at the office for “London.” “We’re after the same rainbow’s end...” Mackensie moving off, but before he goes he turns to look back at us. He smiles, shrugs as if to say... “All good things must come to an end.” And as he goes on about his way moving through the terminal...and I have the distinct feeling we haven’t seen the last of him...But for now... “Waiting round the bend...” Joanna lying in her seat. “My huckleberry friend...” Her arm almost gracefully falls. Where we can see her watch on her wrist as it goes off for a final time, “Bing.” “Moon River, and me...”