On the ROAR OF A CROWD. It’s screaming inside -- Home of the Kentucky Wildcats. A PACKED HOUSE watching a BASKETBALL GAME in full swing. The (predominantly white) USA JUNIOR NATIONAL TEAM running circles around RUSSIA as -- A TITLE CARD READS: WORLD INTERNATIONAL TOURNAMENT The best college players on the planet are in this gym only -- they aren’t on the court. They are riding the bench. Seated on the bench, watching the game pass them by, are: LARRY BIRD (21) and EARVIN “MAGIC” JOHNSON (19). Larry, of course, is the tall, white, bowl cut, acne-scarred, porn stashed, backwoods, “Hick from French Lick” and -- Magic, obviously, is the black, 6’9”, megawatt supernova with a Hollywood smile and talent and charisma to burn. Quite a pair. Both disgruntled, unused to riding the pin. They watch the game on the court. It’s not quite 1950’s, set- shot, white ball, but it’s not too far off. That gets a laugh out of Magic when -- COACH JOHN B. HALL (40’s), the asshole is question, waves our two heroes in. Magic turns to Larry at the scorer’s table. Magic flashes a smile as they’re buzzed into the game and what happens next is the stuff of basketball legend. The black and white game suddenly jumps into color. They are on defense at first and when a Russian shot bricks, Larry snags the rebound one handed, firing on an overhand bullet all the way down to court that hits Magic in stride for a break-away dunk that gets the crowd on their feet. Magic’s chance next. He pushes the pace on the break, drawing three defenders at once, tripping all over each other when -- Magic fires a no-look missile to Larry cutting down for a layup that leaves the Ruskie's on skates and -- When they run the break together, it’s lightning in a bottle. Magic drives past three defenders, flying down the left block, dropping a no-look dime over his shoulder to -- Larry, cutting hard down the lane. It’s only on his hands for an instant, drawing the last two defenders before -- He dishes it no-look back to Magic for a wide open lay-up and the CROWD goes berserk. So does Magic. Pure joy. He gives Bird a high-five. A taste of what could have been. But the moment is fleeting and -- It’s over. The US has won. The teams shaking hands as the MEDIA descends, trying to wrangle the stars. Because Larry’s already leaving, slipping off the court, out of the glare of the spotlights. Magic can’t comprehend. Magic turns back to the cameras, lights up his smile as - We end on Larry, dipping out on the celebration, disappearing alone into the dark of tunnel as we -- A GARBAGE TRUCK rumbling down an impoverished dirt road in a poor, rural farming town of 8,000 people that makes Hoosiers look like it was shot in Manhattan. We follow the truck, rumbling past abandoned farms and two room clapboard houses. A worker hanging on the back. It’s Larry Bird (19), wearing a STREET DEPT. UNIFORM like Martin Sheen in Badlands. When the truck stops at a house -- Larry hops off and heaves trash into the back of the truck with his friend, KEVIN KEARNS (20). Hard, backbreaking work that Larry doesn’t mind. Once they’ve dumped all the cans -- Larry jumps back on as the truck pulls off again and -- Larry and Kearns haul trash through their entire poor, little town until they reach the final house. After the last bag is tossed, Larry spots a CAN on the ground and he shoots it like a three into the back of the truck and - Now that the trash work is done, Larry and Kearn put up BALES OF HAY in a barn. Another back-breaking job that tears your arms up to shreds. Larry puts up a thousand in the heat of the sun and -- The work day’s finally done. The truck parked in the warehouse, Larry heads out the door. Kearns hands him a CHAMPAGNE VELVET BEER (Indiana local piss- cheap beer) from the back of his CAR and they cheers. Larry flips him the bird, walking off with his beer toward -- A tiny, though well kept, one-story clapboard house beside a railroad track where -- Larry’s approaching, having walked for a mile. He takes his last sip of beer, tossing it shattering across the tines of tracks and then heads through the door into -- Larry’s grandmother’s house. His sports trophies everywhere, alongside family photos Larry’s FOUR BROTHERS and SISTER. Larry enters to find his grandmother, LIZZIE KEARNS, opening mail in the kitchen. Lizzie’s 60. Loving. A straight shooter. She produces a letter. The return address reads: INDIANA STATE UNIVERSITY. Larry gives her a kiss, heading into his stark, fastidiously clean bedroom to retrieve his basketball gear when -- He pauses for a moment, noticing a PHOTOGRAPH IN THE ROOM: A buzzed-cut young Larry posing proudly with his father, JOE BIRD. A Johnny Cash look-alike, only taller and tougher. Larry regards it for a moment, until A CAR HONKS outside, breaking his reverie. He heads back out the door. He laughs as he goes, leaving Lizzie shaking her head and --- MARK BIRD (Larry’s brother, 22) is at the wheel while Larry changes into his uniform beside him. Silence. Larry knows. The brothers laugh. Always bullshitting. And Marks steps on the gas, kicking up dirt on the road and -- Mark’s car finally arrives in a lot packed with pick-ups and Chevy’s for an AAU Game. The biggest show in a small town. Before Mark’s even parked, Larry runs for the doors into - A packed gym. Right out of Hoosiers. On court, a local AAU TEAM getting their asses smacked by an INDIANA ALL-STAR TEAM. The whole town is here. EIGHT HUNDRED WORKING CLASS LOCALS, fed-up with their team. The only hint of outsiders -- TWO SHARP DRESSERS IN SUITS sitting apart in the stands. In a beat, we’ll learn they’re: INDIANA STATE HEAD COACH, BOB KING and more importantly, his assistant, BILL HODGES (35, kind, and plain spoken.) The whole crowd starts to buzz as Larry enters the gym, hurrying over to his bench and his coach. Larry heads to the scorers table, wiping the bottom of his shoes with the palms of his hands in a ritual of his. He won’t have to wait long, because as soon as Larry checks in the game, King’s skepticism is vanquished. On the very first play, Larry picks the shifty POINT GUARD’S pocket and takes it in for a left handed lay-up. Hodges gives his head coach a look as -- Larry puts on a display that leaves jaws on the floor. He runs power-point, dropping behind the back dimes. He crashes the boards with a stunning sixth sense. He dives after lose balls and shit talks bigger players and -- Of course, Larry drops j’s from such ingenious angles that -- Bob King is left gawking. Watching a savant playing chess when everyone else’s playing checkers. He turns to Hodges. Larry and Kearns play pool in a grim little joint that looks out of THE LAST PICTURE SHOW. Mark is there too, all drinking beers, watching Larry line up a tough shot on the eight ball. Surprising to no one, Larry’s competitive as all hell. Larry calls out to the owner, SHORTY READER (50’s) a little person. Under five feet. A great guy but he shakes his head. They all turn, surprised, to see Bill Hodges in the door. Larry looks at his arms, surprised at Hodges’ insight. Larry and the boys laughs. Hodges takes it in stride. Larry picks up the cue and lines up his shot. CRACK! Hodges watches crestfallen as Larry pockets the ball. Larry and his friends head off laughing when -- Hodges catches him at the door. With that Hodges goes, leaving Larry, deep in thought as we -- THREE YEARS AGO. A packed house. Edge of their seats as -- YOUNG LARRY, a junior for Spring Valley, shoots free throws. Game on the line. Team down by one. No time on the clock. Larry drains both. Ice in his 16-year-old veins. The CROWD goes through the roof. No one more excited than -- Larry’s father, Joe Bird, clapping wildly in the stands and -- Joe Bird now sits beside his son in the kitchen of their very humble house getting the hard sell from INDIANA UNIVERSITY HEAD COACH -- BOBBY KNIGHT (30. Famously hard-ass. The spitting image of a young Charles Grodin.) Larry shakes Bob’s hand, sealing it as his father looks on. At grand piano factory, the biggest employer in French Lick -- Joe Bird’s in the spray both of a sprawling organ factory, lacquering the cabinet of a grand piano. Fine, custom work. Larry looks on with pride and -- Larry follows his father through the main floor of the factory, filled with gleaming black pianos. They look like coffins. Larry takes this to heart. And when Joe, a hard living man cut right from a Steinbeck novel, puts his hand on Larry’s shoulder, in what passes for affection, Larry is whole and -- A few months later, Larry’s leaving for college. He hugs his mom, siblings, and Granny before saying goodbye to his dad. Joe Bird is not going. They do not have a car. Instead, Larry’s uncle, AMOS KEARNS, is going to give him a lift. Larry tosses his ONE BAG in the back and gets in the car. Then he’s gone, looking back at his Father, waving proudly behind as we DISSOLVE BACK TO: Where 19-year-old Larry stands in a cemetery, Caterpillar hat in hand, looking over a simple grave. His father’s. JOE BIRD. You’ll never catch Larry crying, but off his obvious pain -- We finally meet Larry’s mother, GEORGIA BIRD, working a waitressing shift at a French Lick greasy spoon. A hard-working, 45-year-old mother of six with zero self pity and even less patience for fools, she yells at a COOK with her arms full of dishes. Oh, and she’s demanding as well. It runs in the family. Georgia heads off steaming when ANOTHER WAITRESS approaches. Georgia’s surprised to find Larry, at a table alone and -- A FEW MOMENTS LATER Georgia sits in the booth with her son. The silence is icy. A long silence again. Finally, Larry speaks up -- It is and she’s done it, but her displeasure is clear. Larry takes a long beat -- That changes the mood. Georgia’s armor comes down. Off Larry, considering, cut right to the bone and -- car arrives at the sleepy campus in Terre Haute, Indiana. Larry, sitting shotgun, takes in the sights out his windows. A far cry from the sprawling, crowded quads in Bloomington. Larry’s not immediately repulsed and -- Larry, Mark, and Kevin Kearns, all in sneakers and jeans, enter the gym where a (very skeptical) ISU TEAM practices. Bill Hodges bounds over, excited to greet them. Larry picks up a ball and steps onto the court, still wearing his jeans. The ISU PLAYERS laugh. Must be some kind of joke -- And just to go prove his point, Larry puts up a 25 footer that hits nothing by net. Off the ISU TEAM’S eye-roll --- WE MONTAGE THROUGH A SCRIMMAGE Where Larry, Mark, and Kevin humiliate the ISU STARTING FIVE. They pick them apart with back-doors. Defend like a swarm. Hit bombs from so deep the starters throw up their hands and - Once Larry’s last 20-footer drops in their faces, bringing the game to an end, the dismissive player shakes his hand. Larry and the player both laugh as Hodges approaches. Off Larry, who for the first time, is considering and -- It’s dark at the dinner where Georgia Bird’s hauling trash to the dumpster at the end of a shift when she sees Larry, standing by her car in the lot. A long beat. She tosses the bag in the dumpster herself. Tough as nails. Hold on Georgia a beat, realizing what he’s saying. That’s a pretty tall order. Off Larry’s extreme confidence -- -- and a whole lot has changed. The formerly, sleepy little campus is buzzing as STUDENTS hurry across the quad toward -- THE HULMAN CENTER GYM where lines snake out the door for the hottest ticket in town. A packed crowd fills the seats watching Larry (21) and the undefeated ISU SYCAMORES grinding through a tough game against ILLINOIS STATE. And Larry proves it on the court where with ONE MINUTE LEFT IN THE FOURTH, ISU’s down 67-68, Larry’s got the ball deep in the corner. DEFENDER painted all over him until -- In a savage move he’s made famous, Larry fakes a pass over the defender’s head, turning the poor kid around like a dog playing fetch only -- Larry’s still got the ball and before the defender even knows it, Larry drains a deep jumper, giving his team the lead. The CROWD ROARS. Many, ATTRACTIVE YOUNG CO-EDS wearing “I’M A BIRD WATCHER” T-shirt. Larry’s face on their chest. The game should be all over only on the ensuing possession, LEROY (one of Larry’s teammates) reaches over the line, bone- headedly fouling the INBOUNDER. Larry’s look could kill. Leroy can’t even look at him. And when the ISU INBOUNDER sinks both free-throws, giving his team the lead with just two seconds left -- Leroy knows he’s dead-meat. Bill Hodges calls time-out and Larry heads to the bench, steaming with anger. The Sycamores huddle. Coach draws up a play. Larry’s not listening. Eyes burning through Leroy when -- The REF blows the whistle and the team takes the court. Larry whispers to his inbounder, CARL NICKS. Nicks knows better than to argue. With two seconds left, he takes the ball out of bounds. Everyone knows where it’s going. At the top of the key, Larry’s draped with defenders, but Nicks throws him the ball -- the CLOCK drops to ONE as -- Larry spins back, letting loose a long fadeaway over the outstretched fingers of the entire ILLINOIS STATE TEAM that -- BANG! Falls straight through the net as time runs off the clock. Everyone jumps on Larry, who still stares down Leroy. A REPORTER APPROACHES. The Reporter is dumbfounded as Larry storms off into the tunnel, with other things on his mind and -- Barreling into the locker room, Larry beelines for Leroy. It quickly could come to blows. Carl jumps in to defuse. Leroy is furious. Mumbles under breath -- Leroy heads off to the showers, leaving Larry burning up. Off Carl’s laugh, knowing Larry is serious. But he’s earned those kind of balls because -- When the fans are long gone and the other players have left, a JANITOR sweeps the dark, empty stands watching -- Larry, shooting free throws in the dark. Again and again. That gets a laugh out of Larry, who puts up one more and -- Larry is drinking a beer at his local college bar (his favorite place outside of the gym) when a funny, beautiful, down to earth co-ed approaches. DINAH. She places a SPORTS ILLUSTRATED on the bar. A pretty amazing artifact. THE 1977 COLLEGE BASKETBALL PREVIEW. ON THE COVER: Larry’s in his powder blue uniform. TWO COMELY CHEERLEADERS beside him, fingers raised to their lips. The headline reads:  “COLLEGE BASKETBALL’S SECRET WEAPON” Larry can hardly even look at it. It’s goofy as hell. Then Dinah kisses Larry and we understand, they’re a couple. She means his beer. Larry downs the rest of it and -- Larry lies with Dinah in bed. Both breathless and flushed. They’re not quite smoking cigarettes but you get the point. Larry looks at his feet, hanging over the foot of the bed. Larry elbows her, laughs. She rolls into his arm. Dinah laughs. Assuming Larry is kidding. He’s not. Larry takes a beat, thinking and -- Dinah is wise and knows he’s talking about much more. Larry reaches over to his desk and produces another SPORTS ILLUSTRATED ISSUE. On the cover of this one: MAGIC JOHNSON. Floating to the rim in a top hat and tails. Larry manages a laugh, his eyes not leaving Magic as we hear: a huge MARQUEE READS:  MICHIGAN STATE VS. UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA. From high in the stands, Larry and the ISU TEAM (many in cowboy hats and boots) watch Michigan State put a historic hurting on the poor UPENN team. From Larry’s eagle-eyed P.O.V, we see Magic tear the UPENN team apart. 50-17 at the half and Magic’s putting on a show. He runs a two-on-one break, dishing no-look to a cutting TERRY DONNELY. Hits a sky-hook in the lane in a move he’ll make famous. Nails a 17-foot bank from the wing, shutting up doubters who think he can’t shoot as -- Larry watches it all with the eyes of a sniper trying to crosshair his prey, realizing he might be outmatched until -- The MSU team celebrates. MSU fans in the stands cheering --  MSU FANS  WE WANT BIRD! WE WANT BIRD! But Larry listens, unmoving, still laser focused on Magic. Off Larry, considering, as the chants echo out --  MSU FANS  WE WANT BIRD! WE WANT BIRD! JOHN HURT is on screen, eating dinner on the Nostromo. The whole ISU team watches ALIEN in the dark. Cowboy boots propped up on the seats. Larry watches, distracted as -- THEATERS GOERS in front of him CACKLE loudly at the screen. And then the whole audience SCREAMS! when the creature bursts out of John Hurt’s chest and scatters away on the table.  Look at him go. Magic, that looked The theater go-er’s crack up as Larry dawns with realization at who’s seated with him in the dark in this theater and -- The movie is over. Larry and his cowboy attired teammates file into the lobby, still scared out of their gourds when -- The doors swing open behind them and the entire MSU basketball team exits. Magic brings up the rear. A long silence. The two teams facing off, until -- The MSU players crack-up at the ISU team standing there in their ten gallon hats. As they go on talking shit -- Magic sidles up next to Bird. Magic, all smiles, happy to see an old friend only -- Larry moves off, pulling his teammates out with him, leaving Magic just stunned. Larry already has his game face on as -- Crowds pour inside for the most anticipated final in College Basketball History. TITLE CARD READS: NCAA CHAMPIONSHIP GAME  INDIANA STATE VS. MICHIGAN STATE  MARCH 25, 1979 Larry, more stone faced than ever, sits on the training table in his uniform getting a bad left thumb taped up. Larry’s focus is frightening. A fighter waiting for the bell as the roar of crowd crescendos through the walls and -- The crowd’s just going nuts when the teams take the court. Larry and Magic shake hands. There is no smiling now. It’s just war. They both position off the tip and -- Here we go. The Ref tosses the ball and Michigan gets it first, feeding to Magic at the line. He makes a quick move to the basket, blowing by his defender, but trips on the way and the Ref blows him for traveling. Larry helps Magic up, shoving him briskly away, running off down the court. Magic knows now, that’s how it will be and -- MUSIC CUE KICKS IN AS WE MONTAGE THROUGH THE GAME Larry’s double-teamed on the block, dishing it off to his POINT GUARD at the key who neatly buries a jumper and -- Magic takes a rebound coast to coast, gliding in for a lay- up, exploding in a high-five as the ref calls a foul and -- Larry cuts along the baseline, catching a pass in the corner, draining at 20-foot in two defenders’ faces and -- Magic answers right back with a hook of his own which has Georgia Bird, screaming mad in stands and -- Larry hopes to answer right back but Heaton (his center) misses a wide open jumper and -- Leroy (his point guard) dribbles the ball off his foot and -- We get the sense that Larry knows, no matter how much he wants it, it’s going to be a long haul because -- The MSU team is just way too athletic. With Magic pushing the break, they hit shot after shot and -- On defense, Larry is swarmed at all times by two and three spartan defenders, forced to give up the ball, leaving -- Larry shaking his head as the clock ticks out at half-time with the Spartan’s leading 37-28 at the break and -- Larry paces the room as Coach address the exhausted team. Larry’s studying the faces of his rattled teammates, knowing if they’re going to come back, it will be on his back so -- -- when the second half starts, Larry is on the offensive -- He forces up a tough shot over three MSU defenders, but it catches the iron and -- When he posts up down low with three defenders all over him, his teammates throw it away, leaving Larry just fuming and -- When Larry shoots free throws at the line, trying to will his team back, the greatest shooter in NCAA history misses and -- Larry hangs his head, hope starting to wain as -- Magic and Kesler continue to tear the defense apart with a half-court alley-oop that’s rips out Bird’s heart. Even Terry Donnelly is knocking down jumpers and before Larry can blink the scoreboard tells us his team’s down 16 and -- He looks to the stands where Dinah and his mom feel his pain, knowing what this all means, willing him to continue so -- Larry digs in a last time, knowing this is his chance. On the next defensive possession, he snags a tough rebound, taking a foul from Greg Kesler that sends the MSU star to the bench -- And Larry makes sure to squeeze it, hitting Nicks for a lay- up with a behind the back dagger and -- A few seconds later, Larry hits a tough turn around that cuts the lead to just nine and on the ensuing possession -- Nicks steals a pass! Feeds it Bird on the block who hits another turn around J narrowing the lead to just six and -- MSU COACH HEATHCOAT’s livid and Georgia Bird and the ISU FANS all explode, tasting a little new life but -- THAT’S AS CLOSE AS THEY’LL GET. A few seconds later -- Kelser checks back in the game and on the very next play, he hits Magic back door, soaring right down the lane for a one- handed slam that posterizes three ISU Defenders as -- Larry watches, just helpless as the ball drops through nylon, taking the last of his hope right out the door with it. Magic walks to the line, eyeing Larry as he goes, saying -- this game is over and -- Larry’s aware that it is as Magic sinks his foul shot and saunters back on D, flashing that smile as -- Larry’s shoulders drop, knowing there’s no coming back and -- A FEW MINUTES LATER It’s over. Magic heaves a full court pass to a wide-open Kelser who windmills it in as the final horn blows and -- Just like that, the dream’s gone. Jubilation for the Spartans. Agony for Larry and the Sycamores. For a moment, as the confetti falls and the fans storm the court and the press all descend -- Magic and Larry pass each other in the crowd but this time neither star stops or looks the other man the eye -- They just lightly brush by as Bird exits the court with his heart in his throat, only this time -- WE DO NOT GO WITH HIM. We stay focused on Magic, swarmed by reporters. With his victorious arm draped around a YOUNG BRYANT GUBMLE. Magic heads off to celebrate, catching a last look at -- Larry, in grief on the bench, crying into a towel with a new mission in life. Defeat the man who just killed his dreams. But that needs to wait because this time belongs to Magic. As he’s lifted up onto his teammates’ shoulders and cuts down the nets, we’re aware in this moment -- The world’s his for the taking. We’re along for the ride as --  WHITE NEWS REPORTER (PRELAP) A WHITE REPORTER BROADCASTS ON THE NIGHTLY NEWS.  WHITE NEWS REPORTER (ON TV)  ...by diminishing crowds and  declining ratings. Signs that fan STOCK FOOTAGE OF EMPTY SEATED ARENAS. OF TAPED-DELAYED GAMES. WALTER KRONKITE’s EVENING SHOW COVERING THE VERY SAME NEWS. ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE OF A COUNTRY AT WAR. RACE RIOTS IN WATTS. WHITE BUSSING RIOTS IN BOSTON. CITIES TORN AT THE SEAMS. SIDE-BURNED, COOL AS FUCK WALT FRAZIER interviewed on court. A PUBLICITY STILL OF THE ALL BLACK 1979 NEW YORK KNICKS A RACIST WHITE FAN INTERVIEWED OUTSIDE MADISON SQUARE GARDEN. AT THE BOSTON GARDEN, A WHITE CELTICS FAN SHARES HIS OPINION. SWEET ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE SHOWS A PRIMARILY BLACK, HIGH-FLYING THOUGH OCCASIONALLY HOT-DOGGING, QUICK TO BRAWL GAME. DARYL DAWKINS shatters the backboard on a tomahawk drunk. “TINY” NATE ARCHIBALD pinballs through the court. MAURICE LUCAS “THE ENFORCER” exchanges blows with DAWKINS in the middle of center court in an infamous brawl. The ICEMAN GEORGE GERVIN and skywalking DR. J finger-roll in high-style. ANOTHER WHITE REPORTER BROADCAST FROM BEHIND HIS NEWS DESK.  ANOTHER WHITE REPORTER (ON TV)  ...facing allegations that cocaine A FLURRY OF NEWSPAPER HEADLINES ALL ASK: “IS DRUG USE RAMPMANT IN THE NBA?” A BARRAGE OF RACIST IMAGERY OF LATE 70’s BLACK EXPLORATION. PIMPS, DRUG DEALERS, and HOODLUMS.  ANOTHER WHITE REPORTER (V.O.) ARCHIVAL IMAGE SHOWS LARRY, holding up his new Celtic’s jersey beside RED AUERBACH, the legendary, grinning, cigar- chewing, Rodney Dangerfield-esque Boston GM. END OUR MONTAGE on this scene as we hear: LARRY O’BRIEN, NBA Commissioner (and future namesake of the Championship Trophy) waits coin in hand, at his desk on the speaker phone with -- ROD THORN and the Bulls Front office in our second screen. That fateful call is heard in our third screen by: JERRY BUSS (who will meet much later in earnest) smoking a cigarette on the speaker phone in the infamous FORUM CLUB. They all wait, edge of their seats, as the coin leaps off his finger, flipping forever in slow-mo until finally it falls -- Crushing despair in Chicago. Jubilation at the Forum. Jerry Buss pumps his fist as we hear -- EARVIN “MAGIC” JOHNSON (19) lays on a dorm room floor with his college sweetheart, EARLEATHA “COOKIE” Kelly (19). Magic tries to kiss his way out of it. Cookie’s unswayed. Ambitious and grounded, she’s head-over-heels about Earvin. She cuts him a look. They laugh. Some more kisses. But she is clearly concerned. Cookie is hurt, only Magic is laughing. Magic reassures her with a kiss and -- In a gritty, industrial city of smoke stacks and factories -- Earvin says goodbye to Cookie and his family at their modest home. Very tight quarters for TEN BROTHERS AND SISTERS. A taxi waits outside at Magic gives hugs and jokes to them all, finally arriving at his father, EARVIN SR. An incredibly hard working man wearing Dickies. They hug. Very close. Very proud. Magic nods, arriving lastly at his mother, CHRISTINE JOHNSON. She hands him a book. THE BIBLE. And Magic flashes his smile and then gets in the car as his family all wave, leaving the old, cold world behind for -- A postcard Los Angeles sky. Palm Trees. Bentleys. The California Dream. It’s viewed out the windows of -- A WHITE STRETCH LIMO cruising through Beverly Hills with Magic in back. Like he’s driving through heaven. The driver he’s smiling at is -- A PLAYBOY BUNNY, wearing a chauffeur’s cap on her head and hardly anything else. Magic considers, appreciative when -- -- out the window he spots TREES BENDING WITH ORANGES. The Driver does as instructed and -- Magic steps from the Limo and walks up to a lawn outside a shimmering mansion and plucks an ORANGE from a tree. He hardly believes this is real and -- The limo arrives at the VIP ENTRANCE to the L.A. Forum. “The finest arena since the Roman Colosseum.” Magic admires it. She hands him her number. It just gets better and better. Magic enters his new home court, shaking hands and chatting up every STAFFER in the joint. They are utterly perplexed by this young Rookie’s sparkle because when Magic reaches -- He finds a funeral atmosphere. THE LOS ANGELES LAKERS of 1979 are not a team of charisma. At least, they aren’t yet. Bright eyed and bushy tailed, Magic goes around the room introducing himself to his grown-ass new teammates. TO MICHAEL COOPER, the high flying, hard partying forward -- TO JAMAL WILKES, the rangy spot-up, deep threat. TO VETERAN POINT GUARD NORM NIXON, who’s not happy at all. Nixon hates him immediately. In fact, no one knows what to make of this kid. They wait eagerly to see what happens when - Magic finally approaches the captain, KAREEM ABDUL JABAR, who’s reading the NEW YORK TIMES by his locker. Magic sticks out his hand. Kareem looks at it a beat and walks straight out of the room, leaving Magic just hanging. Off Magic, crestfallen as his new teammates laugh and -- A bag of groceries under his arm, Magic heads into his new L.A. pad. A sunbaked apartment complex built around a pool. On MELROSE PLACE, this set-up’s inviting. In reality, kinda sad. Magic passes through toward door and -- He keys into his pre-furnished apartment, setting his groceries in the kitchen, and takes in the space. Empty. Impersonal. For a twenty-year-old kid, it feels a long way from home. Off the sound of a RINGING PHONE -- (The original) PERRY MASON on tv. Magic on the phone with his family back home. Microwave dinner on his lap. Pretty bleak. Magic lies through his teeth as we INTERCUT WITH: Magic’s sister, PEARL, on the phone in their very missed little home. Loving, family chaos around her. But she’s hung up the phone as we end on: Magic, with the vacant receiver. In the empty apartment. Microwave tray on his lap. He pushes it away, feeling sorry for himself when -- THE PHONE RINGS again. Magic answers immediately. Magic fumbles for a pen, scribbling down an address and -- A few days later, Magic sits in a greasy Donut Shop, sharing a box of chocolate donuts with his boss, the Lakers owner -- DR. JERRY BUSS. A Burt Reynolds-handsome, 50-year-old playboy with a porn star mustache and western denim shirt unbuttoned mid-chest. A true American original. Magic smiles at Buss. Not your typical owner. And then Dr. Buss is leading Magic through a dark, noisy tunnel. Like Henry Hill at the Copa. Magic must squint as they emerge from the tunnel into the blazing hot sun, blaring down above -- -- where Magic and Buss emerge directly onto the field of a USC Football Game. The energy and scale are just seismic. Buss lights a cigar, pointing Magic toward the band. Magic takes in the moment. The roar of the stadium. The legs of the cheerleaders. Kareem in a Dashiki approached by an adoring YOUNG WHITE FAN. The kid starts to cry. Kareem never looks back.  butts in the seats. Magic, listening on the sidelines to Buss. Because right at this moment, the crowd has discovered Magic and Buss on the field and a chant’s begun to ring out --  CROWD Magic waves to the crowd, sending them into a frenzy. Magic soaks up the applause. Hard to say no to that and -- Waves crash in the moonlight as Magic’s date continues at -- -- where a glamorous beach party rages. Dr. Buss weaves Magic through an audacious home full of STARLETS and CELEBRITIES -- LEGGY WOMEN kiss Dr. Buss. He seems to run this whole town. Magic is absolutely enthralled as Buss continues his sermon. He waves his hand over the party. The money. The women. Handing Magic a glass of Champagne. Magic watches Buss down his own drink and then -- Many hours later, Magic sits VIP with a very drunk Buss watching a parade of beautiful women dance at the club. He’s not talking about the dance floor. He is flipping through a PHOTO ALBUM he’s brought. Inside, page after page of polaroid pics of Dr. Buss and YOUNG WOMEN. Magic’s jaw on the floor. As creepy as this sounds, Buss is actually sweet. A sex addict, but sweet. Buss nods, eyes dreaming. Waxing very nostalgic. A SINGLE SPOTLIGHT SPARKS ON in the empty arena illuminating Dr. Buss. Giddy. Drunk. Standing center court, said bottle of whiskey bottle in hand. Buss’s voice echoes out. Followed by his laughter as we -- Jerry and Magic, as before in the club. Deep in his reverie. He puts his arm around Magic. Fatherly. Drunkenly. Earnestly. Off Magic, who’s found his shaman in life as we end on: This image. Jerry Buss, laying snow angel, center court. Empty bottle in hand. Crying tears of pure joy and -- A few months later, Magic stands courtside in his LAKER’S WARM-UPS as the ANNOUNCER calls out the starting line-ups. Magic takes the court, ripping off his warm-up only -- his foot gets caught in the pant leg and he falls to the ground. The CLIPPERS CROWD jeers. Not the start Magic hoped for and -- ONCE WE’RE INTO THE GAME ...it doesn’t get too much better. Trying too hard, Magic forces up a bad shot. He turns over the ball attempting a too flashy pass. He’s beat badly on defense and can’t find his rhythm until -- COACH PAUL WESTHEAD finally pulls him out of the game and Magic, deflated, takes a seat on the bench as WE DISSOLVE TO: 10 SECONDS LEFT IN THE GAME ...it looks like Magic and Showtime’s debut will be spoiled. A Clippers player, FREEMAN WILLIAMS, dribbles the ball of his foot and it rolls out of bounds. The crowd’s apoplectic. Westhead calls a time out with THREE SECONDS left and The Lakers gather as he draws up the play. The Lakers retake the floor. DON FORD inbounding the ball. The REF’S WHISTLE BLOWS and Magic cuts to the basket, clearing out his defender, leaving -- Kareem open at the foul line. Ford inbounds him the ball and he immediately soars for a SKY HOOK that’s -- And the Lakers go nuts. Well, at least Magic does, rushing Kareem, jumping into his arms like he’s just saved the world. Magic’s jumping up and down. Hugging Kareem’s neck. Kareem’s extremely uncomfortable. Kareem doesn’t know what to say. It’s the first game of the season but it’s already clear, there’s Magic in the air as -- And Showtime is on. At the first home game at the Forum, Dr. Buss paces nervously on the baseline as -- And FOUR USC and FOUR UCLA dancers, all young, taut, and painfully hot, dance into the arena. The CROWD goes berserk. Buss’ smile, ear to ear as -- - During a game against Phoenix, Magic shake and bakes on the break, hitting a streaking Jamal Wilkes for a slam and -- - On another fast break, Magic goes behind the back, no-look to Michael Cooper who throws down a dunk as -- - THE STARS sitting courtside jump out of their seats. JACK NICHOLSON and STALLONE. BO DEREK and FRANK SINATRA. It’s the hottest party in town and Magic’s the number one star -- - We see photographs of Magic, smiling to reporters in the Locker room. In the ice bath. On the court being interviewed: - It continues at night when Magic dances with Dr. Buss at MICHAEL DOUGLASS and the hottest women on earth and -- - ON MOVIE NIGHT AT THE PLAYBOY MANSION, Magic sits with Buss in Hef’s pool having a hard time paying attention to STAR WARS on an outdoor screen while PLAYMATES lick his ears and -- - It’s just as glitzy on the court. Even Kareem has a laugh after hitting a skyhook off a Magic no-look. His energy’s just infectious and -- - It peaks on court in the WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS when Kareem hugs Magic, lifting his finger up to the rafters after defeating the SEATTLE SUPERSONICS 4-1 and -- the neon-lit Sunset Strip, WOMEN draped all around him, it feels like the ride will glide to a championship until -- A TITLE CARD READS: GAME 5 - THE 1980 NBA FINALS.  LAKERS VS. SIXERS  THE SERIES IS TIED 2-2 And Magic’s Lakers are up in a tight game. Kareem can’t be stopped. He’s already got 24 when -- He gets the ball at the right post, pivoting into the lane, for a sweet finger roll that drops through the net only -- When Kareem lands, his ankle rolls badly and he nearly falls to the ground, limping off to the sidelines. Magic and the Lakers’ fans watch in stunned silence as Kareem is carried into the tunnel. JACK NICHOLSON slams his hat to the ground as Magic watches Kareem disappear, his ride careening to a halt and -- Immediately after the game (which the Lakers have squeaked out) Magic enters to the locker room to find -- Kareem in a cast, burgundy turtleneck, and crutches. Off Magic, taking that news like a shot in the gut and -- The mood is real bleak as the Lakers wait to board their flight out to Philly. Norm Nixon looks sunk. Jamal Wilkes, wrung out. Michael Cooper is stunned. While a few seats away - Coach Westhead sits with Magic, having a intense one on one. Coach hands Magic a note with the numbers. Off Earvin, inspired. Ready to seize the call and -- The Lakers, boarding their flight. (Teams flew commercial back then. Starters, First Class. Bums, back in coach.) Nixon and Wilkes in First Class, looking up when they hear -- They shake their heads when a SUITCASE lands on Kareem’s front row seat. It’s Magic. So is the voice. Singing MAZE. A long beat of silence until Michael Cooper laughs. Magic does too. Game face already on for -- A packed house in Philly. The Lakers and Sixers shaking hands, lining up for the tip as -- A TITLE CARD READS: NBA FINALS - GAME 6 - LAKERS VS. SIXERS -- and Magic (a 20-year-old rookie remember) steps into the circle to take the opening tip against a seven foot center. BAM! The ref tosses the ball. Magic leaps up to get it and -- Playing POINT / CENTER, Magic puts on a show for the ages. He takes a feed in the post and dunks over three men. He drives to his left and floats skyhook through the rim. He challenges DAWKINS at the rim, hanging in mid-air for lay-up. While on D, he steals an entry pass in the post and immediately turns on the gas, dropping a nasty dime to Wilkes for a dunk on the break. He drives again and again, scoring time after time, with a creative arsenal of shots that the Sixers can’t stop and -- When all’s said and done and the final horn blows, Dr. Buss is in tears sitting courtside with a MODEL as -- Westhead and assistant Coach PAT RILEY (more on him down the road) hug in amazement on the bench and -- Magic hugs Michael Cooper, throwing his hands to the sky. Magic has done the impossible and -- The celebration spills into the room as the Lakers pour in. Champagne raining down. Everyone going apeshit. Musberger’s there with the microphone. Sweating all over Magic’s jock. They all laugh. No one has ever been higher than Magic in this moment. He finds Dr. Buss and the two close friends hug. We can only guess what this means as Cooper yells out -- Magic considers a moment. But for only a moment -- -- and he turns back to Buss, leaving Cookie (and Earvin) in the past, as he showers his owner’s head in Champagne. Two men about to embark on a victory lap that would make Mick Jagger-blush. Their jubilant faces frozen on -- -- where a TV BROADCASTS THE GAME in a waterfront Sports Bar where -- Larry Bird -- watches glumly and drunk as his long hated rival celebrates a title again. Larry wants no part of it. Starts paying his tab. That gets Larry’s blood boiling. Turns to the bartender. Larry rolls his eyes, heads for the door only -- When Larry gets on the street, he hears laughter behind him. The DRUNK PATRON following him out singing -- The drunk howls in laughter as Larry walks off. Larry pauses at that. The drunk put his finger in Larry’s back and that’s the last straw and the last time he’s on his feet because -- WHAM! -- Larry cold cocks the DRUNK, knocking him down. (But, Larry also breaks two of his fingers in the process.) Hearing the commotion, the Bartender comes out the door. Larry looks down at the drunk holding his face on the street. And the Bartender shepherds Larry away, who’s still fuming mad. Shaking his hand. TWO FINGERS bent out of place and --  How’s our boy doing there, Dinah? The Historic, crumbling, Boston arena where -- RED AUERBACH’s on the phone, chewing a cigar in a PLAID MADRAS SUIT. More Edward G. Robinson than playboy Dr. Buss. Dinah (Larry’s college girlfriend) on the phone in their humble, one story ranch in a suburb of Boston. Red mauls his cigar, knowing Dinah is right so -- Red’s CAR pulls up to Larry’s simple home where a DOZENS OF CELTICS FANS camp out across the street watching: Millionaire superstar Larry Bird mow his own lawn in some very, short shorts. Beer in bandaged hand. Red approaches. Larry considers his hand, takes a swig of his beer. That pulls a laugh out of Larry and -- Larry and Red play a set on a red clay court. Red (a surprisingly solid player) has Larry on the run, shanking a forehand into the net, conceding the set. A little pissed off, Larry tosses his racket into the fence. As Larry considers this, we -- Poor blue collar whites. Disenfranchised blacks. A NEWS REPORTER BROADCASTS: White people riot. Black school kids are escorted off the bus into schools through ugly white picket lines as POLICEMEN stand guard and SNIPERS wait on the rooftops. A YOUNG WHITE KATHY BATES-LOOKING WOMAN speaks to the camera. The lasting image, indelible: STANLEY FORMAN’S famous photograph of a WHITE CHARLESTOWN YOUTH spearing a BLACK LAWYER with the point on an AMERICAN FLAG like it’s a bayonet. The empty arena. CREWS prepare for a game. Laying the famous PARQUET FLOOR on the court while -- Larry gets dressed for a game when M.L. CARR (an affable, towel waving, shit talking, black guard) comes in very hot. SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: M.L. CARR #34 Unpacking his bag, Larry watches M.L. remove a REVOLVER from his waistband and place it in his locker. M.L. opens the door of his beautiful home. COPS ON HIS PORCH. Angle on: A neatly stack cord of wood on M.L.’s porch. The Cops are pretty sure that they don’t as we -- Larry, listening intently as M.L. wraps his story up. Larry’s attention now turns to -- SUPERIMPOSE TITLES: ROBERT PARISH #35 The seven foot black center, nicknamed THE CHIEF after the stoic, nearly mute Chief in ONE FLEW OVER THE COOKOO’S NEST. Seven foot Robert Parish, at the wheel of WHITE ROLLS ROYCE, pulled over on the highway. It would almost be funny, except for the CRUISER behind him and the WHITE COP at his door. Larry listening, shaking his head. The black players are laughing. Larry is not. Doesn’t like that monicker one bit and -- We see his displeasure when Larry waits court-side before a game as legendary Celtics announce JOHNNY MOST calls him out. -- and Bird takes the court to thunderous applause when -- A WHITE MASS-HOLE FAN opens a brown paper bag and releases a WHITE DOVE that flutters up to the rafters. Off Larry’s displeasure we CUT BACK TO: Larry and Red, getting into it on the court. 7-YEAR-OLD LARRY watches his father, JOE BIRD, squeeze a swollen, broken, black and blue foot into a work boot and head limping out the door for a shift as we -- Larry, remembering. Off Larry, who can’t lie -- A JANITOR vacuums the empty, Celtic’s locker-room, surprised to find its star player, asleep in his warm-ups on the floor. Larry’s awakened by the whir of the machine and -- While the ARENA CREW lays the parquet and sets up the seats -- Larry runs laps around the empty rafters of the stadium before any other player’s even here. Finally, on the court, M.L. arrives in street clothes, with KEVIN McHALE at his side. (6’10”. Whiter than death. Shoulders so wide it looks like he forgot to remove the coat hanger from his shirt. Super laid back.) They look up at Larry, jogging around in the stands. They both laugh at that as Larry keeps running -- Red, still laying into Larry, who walks back onto the court. Off Red’s incredulity, we -- BOOM! Larry flying into the stands, diving after a ball and -- BAM! Larry’s catching a wicked elbow in the face in a game against Milwaukee that shatters his eye socket. Larry entering the locker room, blood all over his jersey, to the high fives of his team. McHale laughs. Larry sneezes, popping his eye literally out of his socket. It’s incredibly gross. Larry and Red, as before. Larry tries to shrug that off as we -- Post game and in street clothes, the Celtics drink canned beer from a cooler, stocked by the home team. McHale watches Larry loading a PILLOWCASE full of beer. McHale heads out with a laugh. Larry packs up more beer and -- Larry sits in his hotel, having crushed most of the beers, obsessively reading the SPORTS PAGE which is all about -- Magic. His box scores. His triumphs. His flamboyant personal life. Larry drinks and consumes it as -- Red and Larry, wrapping up their heart to heart. Larry, the beers all run out, littering his hotel room. The TV flickering on screen, playing Magic’s highlights. Graceful. Joyous. Alive. Off, Larry’s contempt -- A ROLLS ROYCE pulling through the gates of a sprawling Bel Magic waits at the door as Dr. Buss (and DATE) exit the car. Like Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights, Magic tours Buss through his palatial five bedroom, five bath, Tudor-style home where - A lavish, debaucherous HOUSE PARTY rages. Beautiful, scantily clad young women mingling with NBA PLAYERS and MOVIE STARS. Magic walks Buss though THE LIVING ROOM. Magic shows Buss a wood paneled, in wall, custom stereo system Rick Rubin would envy. Magic cranks up the speakers blasting BILLIE JEAN. Prophetic.  “People always told me, be careful who you love...” IN A SPACIOUS BEDROOM Right on cue, ISAIAH THOMAS (the NBA’S RESIDENT ASSHOLE and paradoxically, Magic’s best friend) steps out in his bathing suit, arm draped around a YOUNG WOMAN. He gestures, displeased, to the COKE MUSTACHE Isaiah’s sporting. Off Isaiah, embarrassed, wiping his nose and -- -- Magic leads Buss around a kidney shaped pool swimming with starlets. People fuck right out in the open. Doing blow off the bar. It’s a hedonist’s paradise. Buss puts his arm around Magic. Magic dresses at his locker, getting an earful from his team. They all laugh. Kareem heads out, leaving Magic confused. A VERY AWKWARD PRESS CONFERENCE IN THE FORUM CLUB. (We’ll be here for another one of these in a few years.) Dr. Buss, at the podium with JERRY WEST and PAT RILEY (The suave, slick- haired, Gordon Gekko of the NBA.) Magic, defending his actions. Off Magic, a bit hurt -- Magic and Buss, as before at the party. Now in Magic’s personal DISCO. PARTIERS shaking ass on the dance floor. Magic rolling his eyes. MARK LANDSBERGER. A white. 6’8”. 230lb, sack of potatoes in a Spalding jersey. Mark sits tying his shoes, only to get up and trip. Discovering he’s tied both of his shoes together. A huge line of COKE. Landsberger takes it down like a Dyson. Pull out to reveal half of dozen Lakers player enjoying Landsberger’s drugs in -- The Champagne room of a STRIP CLUB where Landsberger gets a lap dance from a very large BLACK STRIPPER. Marks sits on the sofa with HIS MIDWESTERN WIFE who eats ice cream for the tub while he gives her a foot rub, telling tales of his conquests. Push in on HIS WIFE, soaking the gossip up with her desert. The THAT in question. The Lakers step off their bus for an out of town game to find -- A chorus line of SCANTILY CLAD WOMEN handing out their phone numbers on HANDWRITTEN NOTES decorated with lipstick kisses. Magic, getting more than he can handle and -- Magic keys into his hotel suite to find THREE OTHER BEAUTIFUL WOMEN already waiting, half-undressed on the bed. They start to unbutton his clothes as -- Magic and Buss as before, this time in the hot tub. Buss is as hot as the water. Mark does a big line of blow, keeps on spilling to the wife. greets the arriving celebrities like the showman he is. Armed draped around a MOVIE STAR, we follow them into -- The hottest of hot spots that maybe ever existed. A small, intimate, red leather banqueted bar in the most exclusive reaches of the Forum. Dr. Buss works the room of Celebrities, Groupies, Playmates, and Opposing Players. He’s the club’s owner and its biggest fan. We see what he means. A who’s who of L.A. most beautiful ladies occupying the club -- While the Lakers play ball, we zoom in on THE STANDS where we find MIGUEL. A HANDSOME, HALF BLACK, HALF DOMINICAN, ASPIRING ACTOR (19) standing in the aisle with Dr. Buss. Miguel (dressed like BAD era Michael Jackson), screaming in an outhouse. His girlfriend’s throat slit on the ground. Before Miguel can escape -- WHAM! He’s impaled through the shit-house walls by JASON with a big metal spike. As the blood gargles out, we -- Miguel, alive and well, standing with Dr. Buss in the Forum. Miguel points out an ATTRACTIVE GROUP OF WOMEN to Buss, who gives Miguel a thumbs up and then -- Miguel approaches the group, unbelievably smooth, giving them the golden ticket. POST-GAME PASSES TO THE CLUB as -- WE HOLD ON BUSS, lording over his domain while -- Mark Landsberger, rubbing his ice cream-eating wife’s feet, wraps up his tale. Back at the party, Buss is boiling in the hot tub. Magic nods in disbelief as -- The team’s enjoying the THE LAKERS FAMILY TEAM DINNER. THE PLAYERS’ WIVES in attendance. All seated together as -- Mark Landsberger’s wine drunk wife regales all that’s she’s learned to all the other PLAYERS’ WIVES. A few women laugh. Not everyone thinks it’s so funny. Namely, WANDA COOPER (Coop’s wife) who eyes her husband with fury. Coop smiles back, unaware but -- -- when Coop’s partying at the Forum a couple nights later, a LAKERS GIRL on each arm, he looks up from his drink to see -- WANDA (his wife) walking in past Dr. Buss, who’s unable to stop her. Steam coming out of her ears and -- Kareem lays into a very scared, very dumb Mark Landsberger. Landsberger nearly pissing his warm-up pants but -- Magic and Buss in hot tub as before -- Off Dr. Buss’ surprise -- Cookie is on the phone in her parents’ house in Toledo where she lives. The floor just dropped out from beneath her. Magic, at the pool, on the phone in the sun while Isaiah Thomas reclines on a float in the water. Cookie’s in disbelief. Understandably. Her kitchen is covered in plans for their wedding. CARD STOCK and FONT SAMPLES and SWATCHES OF FABRICS for the bridesmaids’ dresses. Cookie’s started to cry. Gathering herself, Cookie wipes off her tears. Hold on Magic, just silent and Cookie shaking with tears as --  more room for Earvin. End this sequence at the party. Magic and Buss by the pool. Buss raises his glass to the bacchanal they’ve built. Off the clink of their glasses -- CUT TO: Larry grinding on defense before a raucous CELTICS CROWD as --  GAME 5 A shot goes up. Larry snaring the rebound, throwing a full court touchdown pass to M.L. Carr for a lay-up as -- The horns sounds. The game ends. Celtics win. 115-108. Larry stands center court, letting the chants of the Garden crowd ring out around him -- Larry soaks it all in as -- Larry lays in bed with Dinah. He’s restless. Dinah looks at her partner. His determination is frightening.  BRENT MUSBERGER (PRE-LAP)  the start to the NBA WORLD  CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES. A commercial plane soars above the smoky Boston Skyline as BLUE COLLAR FANS pour into the Boston Garden where -- Musberger broadcasts to the world from high over the court. The chants start again, drowning Musberger out. The roar can be heard inside -- Where Larry readies for a match-up, five years in the making. Larry, with his game face on. It has never come off and -- It’s about to go down. Larry and Magic, stand face to face, center court as the REFS lay-out the rules. Magic just gives him a smile as -- (And we’re in for a long sequence here. Imagine a title fight in a Rocky Film. These games will be paced out like rounds.) The teams set up for the tip. The ref tosses the ball and to Larry’s chagrin, The Lakers hits the ground running. Magic leads a four-on-two fast break -- dumps to Kurt Rambis - - who gives-and-goes back to Magic who lays it in for two. Off a missed-Larry jumper, Magic runs it coast to coast for a score. And when Larry forces a jump pass, Magic picks it off and hits a wide open Worthy for a wide open jam and -- Just like back in college, Magic’s team is too fast. Off Larry on the bench, his head hanging in anger -- A TITLE CARD READS: GAME TWO -- and we’re right into the game. This one is hard fought. Both team’s playing well. Larry comes out shooting well -- He hits a jumper at the line. A tough drive against Kareem. But L.A. is hot too. Kareem feeds a cutting Worthy with a nifty little dime for a slam over three Celtics. Worthy dunks again over Bird, sending Larry to the floor and -- With the 20 seconds left in the 4th, Lakers leading by two, Kevin McHale’s fouled on his way to the rim. He misses the shot, but will head to the line. The Celtics’ crowd roars. McHale steps to the line, looking nervous as shit. Knees knocking together, aware of what’s on the line as -- JOHNNY MOST, the gravel-voiced Boston announcer lays it out. McHale misses the first shot. Sets up for the second and -- He bricks the second, missing TWO FUCKING FREE THROWS with the game on the line. Magic coming down with rebound and... The Lakers bench starts celebrating. Nicholson in the crowd makes the CHOKE sign to Kevin. Red stews in his seat. ON THE CELTICS BENCH. Desperate times. Desperate measures. There’s nothing more to be said. They take the court. Worthy takes the ball out near the Lakers’ own basket. All they have to do is run out the clock. He inbounds to Magic. Immediately double teamed. Gives it back to Worthy who passes cross court to Bryon Scott only -- Gerald Henderson picks it off! Stealing the pass out of nowhere, taking it in for a lay-up that ties up the game! The Celtics go nuts. The Lakers can’t believe it. Pat Riley screams for timeout, dragging his stunned team to the bench. Riley draws up a play. With 13 seconds left, the game tied -- The Lakers inbound again. This time at half court. Magic gets it with 10. Starts to dribble... and dribble... trying to get it into Kareem only -- He loses track of the time. And before Magic realizes what’s happened, there’s just one second left and -- The Lakers don’t even get up a shot. Magic has blown it and he can not believe it. The Lakers take the bench. Magic, gutted while in the Celtics’ huddle, Larry knows they just got a new life. And when overtime starts, the Celtics go for the kill. They play hard and sharp, matching each basket until finally, they have a chance to take the lead and -- They swing the ball around the key to McHale - for a chance at redemption - and he buries an arching twelve footer -- And GAME TWO is a wrap. The Lakers, deflated. Larry passes Magic heading into the tunnel and points to the scoreboard. He leaves Magic just burning and -- Palm trees and sunshine. We couldn’t be further from Boston.CELEBRITY CROWDS arrive like a fucking red carpet. Dr. Buss in the middle. The Wizard behind the curtain as -- A TITLE CARD READS: GAME THREE The place is ready to pop. MOVIE STARS, court side. DANCING BARRY in his tux. The LAKERS GIRLS shaking ass. ON THE LAKERS BENCH, Riley pumps up his troops. Magic takes those words to heart and -- BAM! We’re into the game and it’s a lighting fast pace. Maxwell tries to drive on Kareem only -- BOOM! Kareem swats it out of the sky. The ball lands with Magic. He pushes the break. A dizzying four-on-one that ends with a KURT RAMBIS dunk at the Forum crowd screaming. And the whole game is like that. When Larry misses a three -- WHAM! The Lakers turn on the jets. Kareem outlets to Magic -- to Coop then to Worthy who stuffs it in for the jam! On a timeout on the BOSTON BENCH, DANNY AINGE hangs his head. Larry seethes, just stewing as he watches Magic and Worthy slapping five. The Lakers fans going crazy as -- We follow Larry off the court, boiling over with anger and -- When Larry enters the locker room, he goes off on his team. He slams his a water bottle against the wall, scattering teammates, and takes a seat at his locker. A REPORTER APPROACHES. Larry takes a moment to consider, knowing his teammates are listening and Larry makes a decision. Larry teammates have heard. McHale turns to Ainge. Off Kevin, who doesn’t like being called out and -- Kevin stands on the court, listening the Nation Anthem before the start of Game 4, Larry right in his ear. Mchale hears him, loud and clear as -- TITLE CARD READS: GAME FOUR And midway through the third, McHale takes his shot. When the Lakers push the break and Kurt Rambis soars for a dunk -- BOOM! (in one of the dirtiest plays in NBA History) - Kevin McHale clotheslines Rambis clean out of the air, smashing him hard to the ground like a bodyslam and -- All hell just breaks lose. Rambis gets to his feet charging fists first at McHale. Both benches clear fast. The powder keg bursts. Pat Riley’s in flames. Even Kareem’s on the hunt, rushing into the scrum until -- The Ref breaks them up, sending Rambis to the line. (Note: If this was 2020, McHale would be locked up in jail. He didn’t But notice is served. If this was ROCKY 4, we know this moment exactly. Drago’s been cut. The fight just turned and THE REST OF THIS GAME IS A BRAWL. And no one is sparred. Worthy’s knocked to the ground, flailing after a loose ball. Cooper’s thrown three rows into the stands by Larry when he takes out the ball and -- Magic’s shit-talked so bad by a bench-warming, towel waving M.L., he’s about to start swinging. Magic has to be held back until a REF intervenes to M.L. Pat Riley’s livid, yelling. Even Kareem loses it. After missing a skyhook from the post, he battles Larry for a rebound when - POW! - Kareem throws an elbow at Larry’s jaw and Larry jumps in his face!  he’s yelling at Larry Bird. He’s gotten under Kareem’s skin and that’s just how Larry wants it. The benches clear again. Magic pulling Kareem away, aware this is a street fight. Not Showtime. With the Lakers on their heels, Larry walks right up to Coop. Larry gets the ball at the top of the key, pumps Coop out of his pants, driving clean by and knocking down a sweet J. Larry high-fives his team before a stunned L.A. crowd and -- A FEW MOMENTS LATER Magic is at the line, shooting two for the lead. He puts up the first shot and -- CLANK! He bricks it off the back iron. Magic stews silently. The Celtics bench roars. M.L. Carr waves a towel, screaming out loudly -- Larry, on the floor, can see Magic is rattled and -- Magic lines up the ball, puts up his shot and -- WOW!  Johnson goes to the bench. Magic can’t believe it. He heads to the bench, shaking his head while Larry takes a seat as K.C. lines up a play. Larry has other plans. K.C.’s a bright guy so he wisely reconsiders. The horn sounds. The huddle breaks. Larry retakes the court. Wiping the soles of his shoes with hands as -- Larry lines up at the top of the key as they inbound the ball to Maxwell, immediately looking for Bird who -- Shakes his defender and catches the ball at the wing forcing Magic to rotate over and guard him. It’s a fantasy moment. Larry, one on one, with his rival. He swings the ball to the corner, posting Magic down low and --  Bird goes right into the pivot. DJ  in the corner. And Bird wants the  ball. They go back into Bird. He gets position in the post with Magic right on his back. Catches the feed, spinning back for a fade-away and -- WHOOSH! Larry swishes the game winner. It drops over Magic. The moment is magical. Revenge for Larry. Agony for Magic and we get the sense now, this series will go to the wire as -- Sweat pours off Magic, sucking wind on the bench as -- It’s a sauna in the Garden and the Lakers are all out of gas. They slip on fastbreaks. Butter-finger the ball. It’s so hot they can’t breath and while -- Kareem spends most of the game wearing an OXYGEN MASKS on the bench, wilting in 105 degree heat and Pat Riley Gucci suit’s drenched. Even a REF nearly faints only -- The Celtics just love it. The sweltering crowd never quits and Larry has a game for the ages. Guarded by Worthy, Larry pumps fakes and drive past him, taking it right down the lane, diving into the stands. He rips a defensive rebound, splitting through two defenders, dishing give-and-go on the break, ending the run with dunk as M.L. CARR waves A PAPER FAN over Larry like a Sultan and -- A TITLE CARD READS: FINAL SCORE  CELTICS 121 - LAKERS 103 Magic watches from the bench, exhausted and furious and -- Riley reams out his team when there’s a knock on the door. They hear M.L. and Maxwell laugh, running down the tunnel. Magic looks say, no way as -- And right off from the jump, the Lakers punch back. The Celtic running a two-on-one break. Henderson dropping it behind the back to a dashing Cedric Maxwell who’s skying up for the slam when -- WHAM! Payback time. Worthy comes out of nowhere, shoving him hard in the back, sending him soaring dangerously into the stands. The benches clear again! Magic’s fired up. He takes it hard into the lane, shouldering past three defenders as the Lakers run away with Game Six. The nail in the coffin comes when Kareem throws a full court touchdown pass to a wide open Byron Scott, who jams it home. Jack Nicholson loves it. He wears a Lakers-yellow sports coat and gives Larry the choke sign as -- A TITLE CARD READS: FINAL SCORE Boston flies home on a red-eye. His teammates asleep, Larry’s awake with a beer, staring out the window at the darkness. Larry looks over to see Red now sitting beside him. It all comes down to this. Fans streaming into the Garden for the final showdown of the series where --  BRENT MUSBERGER (PRE-LAP) Brent Musberger’s back on his perch, high above the court in the rafter, broadcasting pregame. Down on the court, Larry feels them all, lining up for the jump. Face to face with Magic. Both waiting for the tip as -- The ref throws the ball and we’re off and we stay this whole game ON LARRY. CLOSE ON HIS FACE as those emotions play out. He scores. He misses. He dives into the stands after a loose ball. He gets pummeled on D and knocked to the ground. He fumes on the bench. He focuses at the line. He bodies up Magic. He dishes to Parish. He’s determined and fearful and worn out but when the final horn sounds -- LARRY IS ELATED as the GARDEN FANS storm the court when -- A tsunami of Bostonian’s surround Bird who for a moment sees: Magic, head down in the crowd, escaping into the tunnels, defeated as we stay with -- Larry. A hero. A savior. Swarmed by his fans and -- We follow Larry into a locker room already gauzy with the mist of Champagne. A bottle is handed to Larry as we find -- Red, with THE TROPHY. Musberger there with his mic. The Celtics explode. Musberger makes his way to Larry, who’s now drenched in Champagne. A beer in his hand. Larry smiles ear to ear. The importance of this victory, clear. He finally finds Red in the crowd and they hug. Hold on Larry, embracing Red, letting it all finally go as -- Magic sits on the shower floor. The water pouring down over him. Coach Riley arrives and stares at his fallen star. But Magic can’t hear him. He’s just drowning in pain as we -- A pristine sun-kissed farm. A new brick house in the drive. And cut into the hayfields, like some Field of Dreams shit -- There’s a glass back-boarded, pro length basketball court. A TITLE CARD READS: TWO YEARS LATER And Larry’s out on the court. Not practicing his shot, but shoveling gravel for a drainage ditch on the side. Hard, backbreaking work which we know Larry loves. But, after the thousandth shovel load is pitched -- Larry bolts over in pain. He just threw out his back. Larry looks back to see his mother, Georgia, in the door. Holding the small of his back, Larry’s on the phone with his agent, BOB WOOLF. Larry’s back seizes up and he groans in discomfort. A BLACK LIMO drives through the country roads of French Lick. Magic looks out the windows at the poor, rural surroundings. Farms spreading wide. The one stop light in town. Magic almost seems smitten as -- The limo pulls down Georgie Bird’s drive where Larry, his mother, grandmother, and brother Mark, all wait. Mark laughs as Magic steps out of the limo, looking breezy and cool. Magic shakes all their hands warmly and beaming. Larry, rolling his eyes. His family, practically swooning. The group has moved to Larry’s outdoor court where a COMMERCIAL CREW is setting up. A HOLLYWOOD DIRECTOR (ideally Jonathan) walks his stars through the scene.  Rolls down his window and says... The director smiles. Waits for Larry’s response. Never comes. He’s incredibly wooden. They both freeze. The director proposes this innocently. What he does not understand, these two men are enemies. Their armor always on. Watching from the sidelines, Mark Bird guffaws at that one. They both gear up for battle. It’s about to get ugly until -- Relief falls over both. While the crew sets up the shot, Larry and Magic take a seat on the bench. Letting their guards down a bit. Magic starts laughing. THE IDIOT IN ACTION: ISAIAH THOMAS’ INFAMOUS 1985 POST-DEFEAT LOCKER ROOM INTERVIEW. HE’S SPECTACULARLY PETTY. AS BEFORE, LARRY AND MAGIC ON THE BENCH Larry’s non-plussed. Magic respects Larry largess. Takes a new stock of him now. Magic considers this curiously. Notices a TRACTOR nearby. Both men finally laugh. Magic laughs. So does a Bird. And they sit there together. A little thaw in the ice and -- AS WE MONTAGE THROUGH THE COMMERCIAL SHOOT: We see the start of a friendship begin between the two men. They laugh when Larry fumbles his lines and when MAGIC RIPS OFF HIS WARM-UPS in an iconic shot of the spot. Slap five when Larry hits a tough jumper and generally, just shoot the shit, walking together through the fields on their breaks. In the short time together, they are growing a bond and -- The crew starts to break. Magic heads off toward his trailer. Off Magic’s surprise. Mark Bird points to the limos. Larry and Mark share a mischievous grin and -- Magic’s holding on for dear life on the back of a 4-WHEELER as Mark and Larry drive him through the farm. The Bird boys both laugh as they arrive at their mom’s house where Georgia waits in an apron. No hugs or kisses, just --  is out on the porch. But when it’s Magic’s turn to enter, she gives him a big hug. Larry rolls his eyes. Knew this was coming. And Magic’s busting a gut, as he follows Larry off toward -- -- where the whole gang enjoys a fried chicken lunch. Everyone busting balls. Mark is telling a story. Larry is cringing. The table dies laughing. Larry’s red in the face. Georgia serves Magic a plate as he absorbs the surreal scene. Larry cuts his mom a look -- 18-year-old Larry, with the one bag of shit he took with him in the car, stands on the quad of the sprawling campus, watching hundreds of WORLDLY STUDENTS stream by around him -- Larry’s in his new college dorm room, unpacking his one bag of shit. Two jeans. Two shirts. Two pair of shoes while -- His SCHOOL TIES roommate, JIM WISMAN, unpacks a menagerie of SPORTS COATS, SLACKS and SHOES from a steamer trunk. Larry sits alone. A bowl of soup and the check. Counting out some coins from his pocket while -- COLLEGE KIDS all around him eat carefree with their friends. The HOOSIERS warm up on the court. BOBBY KNIGHT at the helm, aware someone is missing. Larry on the shoulder of the highway, with that same shitty bag, thumbing it for a ride out of town. A TRUCK finally pulls over and Larry jumps in and it pulls off down the road and that’s the end of that -- Larry’s story continues after lunch is complete, walking with Magic through the fields. Larry’s look says -- not well. Magic is floored. Off Larry remembering, a FLASH OF IMAGES appears: YOUNG JOE and YOUNG LARRY, fishing together at the lake. YOUNG JOE and YOUNG LARRY, shooting hoops till it’s dark -- Larry, remembering. Stoic. Joe Bird (50) talks with a SMALL TOWN POLICEMAN. They go back a million years. Everyone’s friend around here. Joe watches the policeman depart, his mind already made up. Joe leans up to the bar of his local town haunt. The BARTENDER pours Joe the beer. Joe takes a sip like it’s gold, then walks out with the glass -- The half pint still in hand, Joe Bird walks in the door, sits down and picks up the phone. Joe hangs up the phone beside the sweating glass of beer which we pan past to see -- A SHOTGUN at his side. Joe Bird considers it and -- BOOM! A gunshot echoes out, scattering birds into the sky as - Magic listens, just stunned. The shotgun blast echoing out across the Indiana sky where Larry wraps up the story. And then Larry walks off to the court, leaving Magic just speechless. Watching Larry shoot in the distance and -- The shoot’s finally wrapped. Magic says goodbye to Larry’s family, hugging his mother. Finally meets up with Larry. Larry sticks out his hand. Fuck that. Magic gives him a hug. Magic laughs, driving off in his limo, not quite ready to heed that advice and -- Magic walks on the court for first day of preseason, greeting everyone joyously. COOP and BYRON SCOTT greet him, giggling. Scott rips off his warm-ups, mimicking Magic’s performance. They both bust up laughing. They’re still rolling in stitches when Pat Riley approaches. Riley heads off. Magic, a bit stunned. Dr. Buss arrives next. Buss leads Magic over toward a strapping, bright eyed, jheri curled, choir-boy ROOKIE. AC smiles, sprints off running laps. Magic cuts Buss a look. Magic’s jaw hits the hardwood and -- The Lakers ride late at night. Most of the team is asleep. But A.C. is up, studying the bible by his seat light when -- Magic takes the empty seat beside him. A.C. is surprised. He points to the Bible, giving A.C. a wicked smile and -- When A.C. departs the bus at their New York Hotel, his knees already shake seeing the line-up of KNOCKOUTS waiting outside the door. Magic walks by, with a “told you so” laugh and -- Like he’s warding off evil spirits, A.C. paces the room with his bible, SINGING HYMNS at the top of his lungs trying to drown out -- the chorus of WOMEN KNOCKING ON HIS DOOR. A.C. belts his prayers louder as -- Magic listens to his songs, standing with THREE WOMEN, trying in vain to tempt A.C. out. It’s not going to happen. The ladies agree, leading Magic off to his room, where he follows them inside, shutting us out with the door as -- Magic doinks two women in the Forum Club bathroom and -- He bones ANOTHER WOMAN at a Pool Party at his house and -- He balls ANOTHER WOMAN BACKSTAGE at a JACKSON FIVE SHOW and -- At the Playboy Mansion and Donald Sterling’s Malibu house and nn New York. And Detroit. And Miami. Magic is in so much tail, he can’t come up for air as we hear -- Coop is on the CAR PHONE in Magic’s MERCEDES CONVERTIBLE, cruising down RODEO DRIVE. Talking to -- Riley, in his office overlooking the court, combing his hair. Coop hangs up the phone and we end with him driving, enjoying BOOM! Out of nowhere, the hood of the car explodes in flames. Coop, understandably panics, trying to get the car off the road before he burns up inside it and -- Magic’s on the phone in his bathroom in a robe. Coop, standing on a sidewalk, flocked with WASPY onlookers, carphone case in his hand, talking with Magic as FIRE FIGHTERS spray down Magic’s smoking Mercedes. Coop stares off at the smoldering carcass of the car -- Coop hangs up the phone as this time we end on: Magic in his bedroom which we now see is occupied by SIX WOMEN, passed out on his bed. The sounds of a party, heard raging in the home all around him. Hold on Magic in this moment, maybe beginning to agree while - Back in Boston, Larry’s facing some hard truths as well. His back in a brace, he shuffles into the Garden beside M.L. M.L.’s referring to the famous WOODEN STATUE OF LARRY on exhibit outside the arena. Larry can’t argue with that and -- Larry battles MICHAEL JORDAN and the Bulls in the Garden, having a pretty bad night. Jordan, younger, ascendant, a different caliber of athlete, puts on a show while -- Larry, back breaking in pain, watches large stretches of the game from the bench. Well actually -- From the floor by the bench where he lays on his stomach, trying to soothe his bad spine. And when he gets in the game - CLANK! Larry puts up a brick, cursing his broken fingers, still mangled from that long ago bar brawl. Jordan takes the ball down and hits a J in Larry’s face. Summoning his resolve, Bird runs down the wing and drains a THREE in Jordan’s face. Jordan shakes his head. Bird runs off past him, bumping Jordan’s shoulder, only we can see Larry’s hurting. He’s still got the talent and drive, but his body is failing. He can barely stand up. Larry sits in DAN DYREK’s PHYSICAL THERAPIST’S OFFICE. X-RAYS of his back on the screen. Red looks on at his side. Larry finishes a lay-up against the Pistons but crumples like a ragdoll when he lands, clutching his ankles in pain and -- Larry, ornery and suffering, rides a stationary bike in his practice uniform, with TWO BOOT CASTS on his feet. Larry lays on a hospital bed, trying to catch some sleep between games. HIS BACK IN TRACTION and -- As before. Red tries to talk sense to Larry. Off Larry, who doesn’t quite have that answer and -- Larry lies on the floor, just like in the games, nursing his back while his NEW BABY BOY swats at a ball in his nursery. From the door, Dinah watches. Her heart, very full to see Larry, a father. But she knows he’s in pain and -- Larry’s still contemplative on the bus to a game, seated in the back beside Robert Parish, who’s got a smile on his face. Robert trails off, grateful and wistful. Larry considers him, weigh his future as THE ROAR OF A CROWD takes us into --  CELTICS VS PACERS. SERIES TIED 2 - 2 A tight, do or die battle. Larry is hurting, but going shot for shot with Pacers stars, skinny REGGIE MILLER and thick cut CHUCK PERSON. A heated shit talking battle when -- Larry, with the ball at the top of the key -- has it knocked away by a defender. A mad scramble for the ball! Larry dives to the ground after it and -- BANG! His head hits the floor hard, face smashing off the parquet with a sickened CRACK that takes the air from the Garden. The play continues around him but Larry lies on the floor, unmoving. Unconscious. The crowd silent in shock and -- A FEW BREATHLESS MINUTES LATER Dinah and the fans are in tears when Larry finally rises, staggering into the tunnel, knocked out for the count and -- Inside the room, Larry’s on the training table. Doctors blinding lights in his eyes. His face already bruised black. Larry cuts Red a look. An understanding between them and -- Dinah and the Celtics fans just explode when Larry Legend runs out of the tunnel, unbuttoning his warm ups. The moment is iconic. The Boston fans roar as Larry takes a knee in front of the bench, itching to get back in the game. The standing ovation washes over him. The emotion is incredible. Even Larry can feel it. He retakes the court, walks right up to Chuck Person. Person is speechless, but there’s no doubt that he’ll do it. We don’t even need to see the game because -- It’s over. The Celtics celebrating an unbelievable comeback victory in the locker room, slapping Larry on the back. He makes his way over to Red, absolutely exhausted. In agony. Larry’s emotional at the words. Both men know what this means. They take a long moment and then Larry Bird finally sits down as --  Johnson goes right by Bryon Scott. Tiny, flat-topped, KEVIN JOHNSON takes Bryon to the hole. The Phoenix crowd’s on their feet. Pat Riley’s apoplectic as -- A TITLE CARD READS: WESTERN CONFERENCE SEMIFINALS  GAME 4 - PHOENIX LEADS L.A. 2 - 1 And it goes on like this. Magic tries to will his team to victory with a procession of sky hooks but each time he does - KJ answers back, dicing through the soft Lakers D. He drives by Byron again. He feeds TOM CHAMBERS for jumpers. He knocks down three after three and then finally -- KJ steals a bounce pass from Magic, hits a streaking DAN MARLEY for a slam that puts the nail in the coffin and -- Magic meets eyes with Riley, both of them ready to snap and --  PAT RILEY (PRE-LAP)  Kevin-fucking-Johnson! The mood’s dark. The Lakers sit glumly, changing out of their uniforms while Riley tears into their asses. No one even reacts. Which makes Riley even madder. Despite all his theatrics, it appears that they don’t. Just continuing to pack up, never acknowledging the tirade and -- Riley knows what this means. He’s lost them. He heads off to bathroom, considering his hair in the mirror in a moment of anguish and then -- WHAM! He punches the glass, shattering his reflection into a thousand fragmented pieces, ripping open his hand. Magic turns at the sound, seeing Riley, bleeding badly all over his custom-made sharkskin suit. He storms out the door. Magic watches him go. No one saying a word and -- As the team rides on the bus to the airport, the silence continues. Riley sits alone in the front. Bandaged hand. Broken ego. With the acute feeling, it’s over so -- It should come as no surprise when Magic opens his door to find Riley outside, tears already pooling his eyes. Riley sits with Magic by the pool. Nakedly emotional. And they sit there, nostalgic. The sun beginning to set as --  DOCTOR (PRE-LAP) Larry is out. Face down on the operating table with both ACHILLES TENDONS under the knife simultaneously as -- TWO SURGEONS work in tandem, chiseling bones spurs out of Larry’s peeled open heels and -- Larry’s face down on another operating table as another TEAM OF SURGEONS remove an entire DISC from his spine. The surgeons laugh as they work, exhuming the bloody disc, dropping into a silver bowl just like -- Ice rattling in a highball glass as Dr. Buss pours himself a rum and Coke and joins Magic in the hot tub. Around them -- a bleak scene. Literally the end of the party. The place trashed. A few people passed out. A few others stagger off toward their cars in the twilight. Magic and Dr. Buss, the last people awake. Dr. Buss raises his glass. Magic toasts him, but he’s aware they are riding the fumes of a party that’s already over. A few hours later, as the CLEANERS sweep up the mess from last night, Magic dials the phone. Placing a call to -- Magic is wistful, smiling at her response as ROBERTA FLACK and DONNY HATHAWAY sing: “THE CLOSER I GET TO YOU” inside -- -- where Cookie, resplendent in her wedding dress, walks down the aisle on the arm of her father toward -- Earvin, handsome in a white tux, waiting at the alter to receive her and -- The newlyweds descends the steps of the small church in East Lansing, cheered on by a small collection of their close family and friends. Nothing SHOWTIME about it and -- Cookie and Earvin dance at their reception on the campus where they first met 14 years earlier. Earvin and Cookie kiss as the dance. For the first time, in a long time, Earvin’s at peace. IT DOESN”T LAST LONG.  Where do you think this should go? Cookie (two months pregnant) sets up a nursery in one of the bedrooms. Magic helps with the crib. Magic sets down the crib, breathing hard for a moment. He kisses her as she laughs and -- The sun glistens off the Mormon kingdom where -- Magic is practicing with the Lakers in the UTAH ARENA. The team’s in town for an exhibition game against the Jazz. A lot of new faces. Among them, MIKE DUNLEVAY - THE COACH. Magic’s still in fine form, running fast breaks with the team but at the end of the break, Magic doesn’t sprint back. He pulls up, gassed. Sucking wind. Worthy slows up beside him. Worthy laughs, running off. Magic mans up and joins him but -- -- after practice, Magic’s still tired and is bending the ear of GARY VITTI, the LAKERS ATHLETIC TRAINER. Magic smiles, but belies a hint of concern and -- Taking Vitti’s advice, Magic’s napping pre-game in his room when the bedside phone rings. It’s 2:15 pm. Magic answers. Magic hangs up the phone, realizing something is wrong and -- Magic’s sitting beside Dr. Buss in the empty waiting room, looking at a copy of EBONY on the table. On the cover: MICHAEL JORDAN and his wife JUANITA. Magic considers NBA’S biggest star when the door to the Doctor’s office opens and DR. MELLMAN (Magic’s personal physician) appears. His face, Ashen. Off Magic’s concern -- Magic listens in shock as Dr. Mellman delivers the blow. Magic, completely numb. Hasn’t processed. Dr. Mellman and Buss share a look. Who’s going to tell him? Magic, just speechless. A very long beat. That threatens to bring Magic to his knees. Off Magic, miraculously holding it together until -- He exits the office with Buss and completely falls apart. But Magic can’t hear him now. He is crying, afraid. But Magic must know, no one can help him with that and -- Magic waits in his empty house for Cookie, who arrives home from dinner, surprised to find him in L.A. Off Cookie, steadying herself for the blow of her life and -- A FEW HOURS LATER The couple sits in the den. All wrung out of emotion. Incredible humbled, Earvin buries his head in her and cries. Off Magic’s shame, we hear the RING OF THE PHONE INSIDE -- -- where Cookie sits beside a locked office door. Tissues in hand. Bible in lap. Listening to her husband on the phone -- She hears him hang up. Dial again. This will go on for hours. Cookie listens to them all, like she’s paying penance herself until finally... WE HEAR ANOTHER PHONE RINGING INSIDE -- -- where Larry, still rehabbing from back surgery, sleeps on the ground in a FIBERGLASS BRACE. Dinah (with their baby in her arms) answers the phone. Appropriately worried, Dinah goes to rouse Larry. Slowly, Larry rises. The pain he’s in is tremendous. They share a sweet kiss as Larry hobbles to the phone. Larry -- just staggered. Dinah watches him, scared. Larry hangs up the phone, immediately dialing again. But he can’t find the words, frantically dialing the phone as- Magic, in his palatial closet, trying to find a suit to wear to the worst moment of his career when Cookie arrives. Magic’s surprised. Even touched a little bit and -- A FEW SECONDS LATER He picks up the phone, trying to put on a smile. In spite of the circumstances, Larry and Magic both laugh. But then they fall into silence. Larry’s getting choked up. Magic understands Larry’s fear. Magic hangs up, quite moved, as we end on: Larry, setting down the receiver. Dinah waits for the news. Dinah’s got no response and Larry’s clearly terrified as -- Magic, in his suit, rides with Cookie to the Forum. They may as well be in a hearse. Magic’s understandably heavy as -- Like many years before, L.A.’s sights shine out the window. Magic views them, nostalgic, passing a bright row of ORANGE TREES on a Beverly Hills Lawn. He considers them, sadly. His beginning. Now his end as -- Cookie waits alone in a hallway outside the locker room in her “optimistic” white suit. Putting on a brave face as -- The LAKERS all file out -- having just heard the news. Grown men just in tears who can’t meet Cookie’s eyes. She waits for the long, funeral procession to end until Earvin finally appears in the door. Cookie takes him by the hand and they now make their way to -- The holy of holies. Magic enters the club, not for a party, but a press conference. The famously private, no cameras allowed, club is now jammed with REPORTERS and CAMERA CREWS and NBA ROYALTY while -- Larry and Dinah watch on TV as Magic takes his place at the podium. Cookie’s beside him. Dr. Buss, weeping openly. DAVID STERN, JERRY WEST, DR. Mellman, Coop and Kareem take seats on both sides. It looks like The Last Supper. Magic waits at the mic. A long beat of silence. Putting on a big smile as the cameras keep flashing. Finally -- The words take Larry’s wind and -- Magic adjusts the mic as the news hits the room. The effort to hope is gut-wrenching. The room is dead silent. Dr. Buss almost faints. Cookie gives him a hand. And with that, while reporters bomb questions, Magic hands over the mic, stepping away from the podium as -- Larry watches through tears the unbelievable -- and here before never seen -- sight of Magic vacating the stage though a black curtain behind it. Walking away from the spotlight. Larry watches, just gutted. He can’t even move and -- Before a game against the HAWKS, Larry’s still overcome. He stands for the ANTHEM, unable to contain his emotions and -- For just the second time in his life, Larry does not want to play ball. We see this during the game as -- Larry runs on the court, but he plays in a fog. No passion. No love. Like he’s underwater and can’t come up for air, but - In one moment of grace, with back broken and all, Larry pushes the ball on the break, approaching mid court when -- From out of nowhere, he throws a fifty foot, behind the back dime to a streaking REGGIE LEWIS who throws it down a dunk and for a moment we -- YOUNG MAGIC -- in his prime on a break, splitting the defense in style, throwing the same behind the back dime as we -- LARRY, hobbling back on defense, understanding this was a tribute to Magic. It’s incredibly painful and -- Larry (in a bad Cosby sweater) is mobbed by reporters at his locker. He is very subdued. We linger on Larry, trying to hold in his pain, but for once, he’s unable to and -- When he gets home to Dinah, he goes immediately for a beer. Larry sits downs. Still fighting. Dinah puts her hand on his back as Larry Bird finally cries. Trying to enjoy a night out, Magic sits with Cookie VIP at the comedy club, watching DAMON WAYANS performing on stage. Magic smiles. Cookie tenses. Damon doesn’t know they’re here. On Magic. Trying to laugh the joke off. It gets worse. The crowd laughs. Cookie can see Magic’s hurt. She tries to get him to leave, but Magic won’t move. He endures it. The crowd is in stitches. Cookie fights tears. Magic puts on a good face, but he’s cut to the bone and -- The next day, Cookie’s surprised when she comes into the bedroom to find Magic lacing his sneakers. That’s not Cookie’s concern. He kisses her as he goes and -- Just like the old times, A MARQUEE ANNOUNCES TONIGHT’S GAME: LAKERS VS. PISTONS. FANS wait at the players’ gate clamoring for autographs when Magic steps out of his Mercedes, thrilled to be back in his element. He puts on a big smile, ready to greet all his fans - But, to Magic’s dismay, the crowd parts when he enters. They don’t beg for his autographs or clamor for pictures. They back away like he’s toxic and won’t meet his eyes. Magic heads through them, destroyed and -- -- when he enters his old home, saying HI to the PRESS, giving high fives to the STAFF, this time, the mood’s grave. A REPORTER reluctantly takes a high-five. Then wipes his hand on his pants as Magic passes along. It’s devastating to see. A dead man walking. It’s even worse on the court. Magic’s former teammates warm- up in the empty arena when Magic, in practice gear, steps onto the court. The record scratches. A long beat. Magic does an Isaiah impersonation. A few awkward laughs. But he doesn’t get any takers. Magic, keeping his head high, dribbles to another basket and begins hoisting up shots. The few players there take their balls and move to another rim, leaving Magic alone. It’s a very sad sight, but Magic tries to shoot through it. Finally, Bryon Scott comes over, shaking his head in disappointment with his teammates’ behavior. Byron wants to believe that, but it sounds like blind hope. Off Magic, he hasn’t. But he’s about to find out and -- Isaiah Thomas is buttoning up his warm-ups, joking around with his teammates as they exit the tunnel when Magic appears. Still wearing in his warm-ups. He tries laughing this off, but Magic won’t let it pass. Isaiah finally stops, caught. He lets down his pretense. Isaiah doesn’t deny it. He shows no emotion. Isaiah walks off with smirk, leaving Magic in the tunnel. Backstage and alone. Listening the roar of the crowd. The spotlight shinning without him and -- Magic’s awake in the dark, watching a VHS on his TV. The tape’s of a game he’s returned to many times in his life. 1980. Game 6. The NBA Finals when a 20 year-old Magic played the game of his life and cemented his stardom. Magic watches, bittersweet. 40 points. 15 boards. 7 assists. not is Magic’s drive to win. To excel. To survive. We see it in his face and -- Larry is fishing on a boat with Mark. It’s peaceful, but a tough gig for Larry, still wearing the fucking BACK-BRACE. They could do this all day. Two brothers, talking shit. He’s talking about the back brace. Larry mimes a shotgun. Off the Bird brothers’ laugh... Larry (in a suit) walks through the now familiar tunnels, catching some heckles from the good natured staff. The staff laughs. So does Larry. Dr. Buss warmly approaches. Dr. Buss doesn’t say about what. Just leads Larry off into -- The once raucous club. Now eerily silent. Larry enters to see Magic sitting alone in a booth in a chocolate brown suit. The two men take a moment, both clearly torn up. Magic gets up and they hug. A long time. Emotional. Larry drops the embrace, wary of Magic’s sly smile and -- A FEW MINUTES LATER They are sitting in the booth. Magic’s laid out his plan. Magic laughs. Larry is silent. And moved. He takes a long beat. Magic shakes his head, gleefully. Off Larry, regarding his friend as -- The arena is dark. Magic stands on the court in the beam of a spotlight for a very somber ceremony. A funeral with the deceased in attendance. Chuck Hearn’s at the podium. Reveal Larry, sitting on the Lakers court, waiting to rise -- Larry rises as the Lakers fans, in a moment of tremendous class -- give him a long standing ovation. Larry’s touched. The crowd laughs. Larry regroups, reading a prepared speech. Larry hands Magic the commemorative gift and the two rivals hug. And outside of the reach of the microphones -- Larry’s moved so he takes the mic back, returns to the crowd. That brings the crowd to their feet and a smile to Magic. The friends shake hands. United. Applause washes over them as -- A MUSIC CUE STARTS, taking us through -- For the first time in 14 years, Larry and Magic are on the same team. They sit next to each other on the bus, taking in the historic sights of Barcelona. - They take pictures with FANS in TOURIST SIGHTS in the city. - They practice together in their USA JERSEYS along with Jordan and Ewing. Clyde and Malone. Magic running the show. Larry (and his broken back) shooting threes on the sidelines. - They laugh side by side at the dias during pressers and goof in the locker-room, looking at Larry’s mangled fingers, still crooked from the bar fight. - They drink beers, talking shit, smoking cigars, betting games of pool in the hotel with Jordan and of course... - At the games, they sit side by side on the bench. No longer eager young studs waiting for their chance to compete, but basketball legends here for the love of the game and -- - On the court, Magic shows the world that he still has the goods. On a flashy fast break, Magic jukes a CANADIAN PLAYER out of his jock, dancing in for a lay-up and -- - While Larry’s back keep him laying down on the sidelines during most of the games, he talks shit while he does it, cracking up Magic, Jordan, and Ewing until finally -- - CHUCK DALEY (the Coach) signals Larry into the game. He peels himself off the floor. Checking in next to Magic. Larry laughs at the call back and when they get in the game, Magic seeks Larry out, trying to get him his shots. Magic feeds him for a three, which Larry buries and... - One another possession, Magic drives down the lane, dishing over his shoulder to Larry at the wing for a three that he nails and the teammates high five and for a moment we -- 1978: THE JUNIOR USA TEAM. Young Larry and YOUNG MAGIC on the break. Magic dropping a no-look dime over his shoulder to Larry, who dishes it no-look back to Magic for a wide open lay-up and the young bucks high five and we -- THE GAME IN BARCELONA. As before. Old Magic and Larry jogging back on D. Slapping five. Teammates as we END MONTAGE AT: The game’s complete. Larry and Magic hang their jerseys, dressing in street clothes. Larry’s a little nostalgic. They laugh. Larry grabs Magic’s jersey. Hands him a marker. Larry signs his. The two old rivals exchange jerseys and -- Larry and Magic step off the elevator, heading toward the lobby to exit the arena. In the distance, they can see a CROWD OF FANS and REPORTERS outside by the TEAM BUS, waiting for a glimpse of the stars. Larry slows up. Starts to turn. Magic gives him a smile. Some things never change. He and Larry slap hands. A final goodbye. And then Larry is gone, disappearing out a quiet backdoor. Into the sunset, alone as -- Magic watches him go, grateful and moved, before he turns to the entrance, lights up his bright smile, and steps through the doors into the arms of his fans as we --  THE END