John Wells Productions The SOUNDS of Navy Pier are overwhelming. Tourists TRAMPLE down the pier. The waves of Lake Michigan CRASH below. And it's here that we meet MEENA (28 and Indian). On her bicycle, she peddles past the vendors and tour groups - moving quickly but still taking it all in. Further down the pier, we meet FREDDY (28 and white). Wearing a suit and awkwardly carrying a presentation poster and a box full of pamphlets, he walks out of The Grand Ballroom under a banner reading NAVY PIER TECH EXPO. Meena flies down the pier - looking around. Freddy, meanwhile, stands alone. He looks out around the pier at all the laughing, happy people. Conference attendees. Families. Couples. Lots of couples. Zoned out, Freddy absentmindedly steps backwards when-- Meena SKIDS to the left, narrowly avoiding Freddy. Freddy, surprised, clumsily stumbles and FALLS to the right. And his pamphlets GO EVERYWHERE. Meena jumps off her bike, leaning down toward Freddy-- Standing up, and wiping off a certainly bruised ass: Meena and Freddy instantly turn and start running after the pamphlets, as the wind takes them in every direction. Meena grabs a handful, but Freddy almost instantly gives up. Now a bit more interested, Meena looks down at the glossy pamphlet in her hands. Freddy reaches for his pamphlet, but she pulls it back again. Freddy tries to read Meena - who simply smiles back. He nods his head, and straightens up. Freddy points up toward The Grand Ballroom, an early 20th Century marvel of Chicago's past. Freddy hands over his phone to Meena. Meena takes the phone and points it toward the ballroom. The moment the camera CLICKS -- the screen reads: THE GRAND BALLROOM - NAVY PIER. Information and stats fill the screen. Freddy's heard this before. He nods his head. Thinking... Freddy, building up steam, points toward the Ballroom. He smiles. She smiles. Meena hands back the Lollipop Bop pamphlet. They look at one another. It's that moment where someone either makes a move, or... The moment passes. Meena climbs up on her bike. She looks back at Freddy, and then peddles down the pier. Freddy watches her go. He turns to head the other direction-- But then he turns back again to get her attention, except-- Meena is gone. As if in a daze, Freddy walks down the pier. Freddy walks farther down the pier, looking around for Meena. ON THE PIER'S EDGE... Meena is nowhere in sight. Resigned, Freddy leans against the pier's railing. Freddy, once again alone, looks out over the lake. And as he thinks to himself... The sound of CRASHING WAVES starts to fade... And faintly, we hear the sound of STRINGS. Then HORNS. Then Freddy looks up. At us. And SINGS. Freddy is nearly as surprised as we are as the words flow out of his mouth. She was beautiful, he sings. She helped him find his voice. But she got away. Where's That Girl? The SONG, which feels straight out of a 1950's Gene Kelly picture, is about that undefinable gut feeling when you meet someone you need to know. Someone special. His voice is at first hesitant, but it soon grows stronger... With supreme confidence, Freddy turns and faces the crowded Navy Pier - intent on finding Meena. Light on his feet, and with a beat in his step, he dances to a song only Freddy can hear! Freddy spins around a TOUR GROUP. He ducks under a selfie stick yielding TOURIST DAD. Looking for Meena high and low. Seeking higher ground, Freddy hops from a bench onto a lamppost. Swinging from the post, he looks over the pier. His eyes light up. He spots Meena! But-- She's quickly peddling away from the pier and down toward Lakefront Trail. Every moment she's farther and farther away. And Freddy is heartbroken. He falls back onto a nearby bench. And as his motions slow, so does the MUSIC. Freddy will never catch up with her now. Then Freddy's eyes drift to a nearby vendor. And he instantly perks up... Freddy looks from the vendor, to Lakefront Trail, to us... With purpose, and with the orchestra's STRINGS behind him, Freddy zooms down Lakefront Trail - perhaps even lighter and more nimble on skates than he was in his shoes. He moves fast, with the agility of a dancer - skating left, right, and backwards - avoiding RUNNERS, MOTHERS with strollers, and texting TEENS. Then Freddy spots her! Meena is just off the trail in a small park area, in front of So Freddy spins around, jumps over a small barrier, and skates into the park. He finally SKIDS up next to Meena. Meena turns and faces Freddy. Eyebrow raised, she looks him up and down (pausing on his inexplicable skates.) She can't help but smile. Freddy pulls his phone out of his suit pocket. Meena looks at the phone. And then to Freddy. Considering... But she nods, and takes the phone, plugging in her number. And as she hands it back to a very relieved Freddy: She hops back on her bike. Then pauses. She takes one final look at Freddy - confused and intrigued - and peddles down the trail. Freddy watches her go. Then at the very moment Meena turns a curve, disappearing out of sight-- THE MUSIC BLASTS! And Freddy can't contain himself. He skates around the fountain - feeling lighter than air. Freddy celebrates the moment, and begins to tap dance (in skates, no less!) The MUSIC builds! The FOUNTAINS turn on! And Freddy spins around for the big celebratory finish! Unlike the bright fantasy of before, we now re-enter the real world, as Meena pushes open her apartment door, with a bag of groceries in her arms. Her apartment is standard university student drab. Off-white, mostly blank walls. Her phone rings, and she answers: As she speaks with her parents, she goes in and out of Hindi. Meena lingers on that last thought, looking off. And in that moment, she hears the faintest of STRINGS... She snaps herself out of it. Meena shakes her head as the conversation moves on. She listens as her mother continues speaking on the other line. She looks to her refrigerator. Hung by a magnet is a single photo. Of Meena and her parents. She looks at it... A sparsely filled train car rides through the city at dusk. Sitting side by side, Freddy and Meena continue their conversation: Meena nods uncomfortably. Meena lights up. Freddy PAUSES - as if he'd never considered it. He smiles at Meena. And she smiles back. Freddy readjusts in his seat, weighing his next question. Meena takes a deep breath, patiently answering a common (and annoying) question. Freddy PAUSES for a moment, before turning to Meena. But Freddy puts it together almost immediately. Meena, growing serious, gathers her thoughts. As she speaks, Meena becomes more animated. More frustrated. Meena catches herself. She takes a deep breath and continues. She nods to herself as if to justify her own logic. As the train slowly BRAKES, approaching the next station, Meena stands up and walks toward the door. The train door in front of Meena OPENS... but she doesn't leave. Freddy stands, and walks toward her. Meena turns to face him... as the door behind her CLOSES. And then, as if on cue... MUSIC builds behind Freddy. And Freddy, with the utmost confidence, SINGS to Meena. He tells her that when he saw her riding away, all he wanted was to make her stay... And going after her, he had one thought. Let's Give It A Shot The train lights dim, except for a light directly above Freddy and Meena - spotlighting the pair as if they're the only two people in the world. Meena briefly notices the world changing around her, but finds it hard to keep her eyes off Freddy. And then... Meena SINGS. She sings softly at first, but as she literally finds her voice, Meena grows louder. Her lyrics unveil her own take on the events at the pier. She says she doesn't even know him. He's just some cute guy who skated into her life. Should they give it a shot? And as they begin to sing back and forth, their duet extends to their feet. They slowly move in step with one another. Before they know it, Freddy and Meena are dancing, matching each other beat for beat. Their pace quickens. He swings around the train's metal pole. She does the same. Then they hop up on the train's seats. Their fellow RIDERS don't bother to look up from their books and phones - as Freddy and Meena jump, tap, and dance through the train car. Meena spins and ends up in Freddy's embrace-- just as the doors to the train once again open at a new station. She looks up at him, and-- Under the bright bulbs of Logan Theater, Meena and Freddy waltz down the empty sidewalks. Fast paced and energetic, Freddy's hand is on Meena's lower back. Her hand is on his shoulder. He moves her around the square as if she is weightless. They slow to a stop. Wrapped up in each other's arms. Looking directly into each other's eyes. Then they kiss. They'll give it a shot. The SOUND of a printer hard at work. Scissors SNIP at a print-out. On the refrigerator - next to the photo of her parents - Meena hangs up a new glossy photo. It's a selfie of Meena and Freddy from their first date in Logan Square. Still high from it, she smiles while looking at the photo. Her phone BUZZES. Meena's eyes light up. And as she heads off frame, we-- Back where it all began, Meena and Freddy ride the Centennial Ferris Wheel at Navy Pier. We can practically hear him describing how the Ferris Wheel was invented in Chicago by George Washington Ferris - and she's not even that annoyed! On Meena's refrigerator now hangs a photo of them on the Ferris Wheel. The refrigerator SWINGS open, as Meena and Freddy cook a meal together. They bump into each other, finding their rhythm. They sit at a table in the back, sharing a plate of cheese fries as they watch a blues concert on the stage ahead. Sitting on a beach towel, they look out over the lake to the dusk-lit city. He holds her in his arms, as they kiss. A Christmas tree in the corner. A fireplace warms the room. Snow falls outside the windows. Freddy and Meena sit on the floor near the tree, facing FREDDY'S FATHER and MOTHER. His GRANDPARENTS rest on a nearby couch. A sincere, joyful smile crosses Meena's face as she watches Freddy LAUGH heartily at a joke his father made -- only interrupted by the surprise of his mother placing a wrapped Christmas present on her lap. The sun has returned. It's late Spring. Graduation Day. Surrounded by her cap and gown-clad classmates, Freddy poses for a selfie with Meena as she kisses him on the cheek. But Meena, distracted, reaches into her gown and pulls out her BUZZING phone. She motions to Freddy to hang on a second. Call from "Mummy and Papa". Freddy knows the drill. He nods and takes a step back. Hands in his pockets, Freddy looks on as Meena answers the phone with a big, excited smile on her face. The refrigerator is now completely covered with photos. Standing in the kitchen, Meena surveys the snapshots of her new life over the past year. The photo of Meena and Freddy at graduation. Photos of them playing skeeball at a barcade. With Freddy's family. In the park as Spring has turned once again to Summer. Meena takes a moment to adjust the original photo - of her parents - now moved slightly off to the side. Meena SNAPS out of her stare and looks down at the phone in her hands. She's in the midst of a video-chat, and her friend PRIYA is looking back up at her. Meena looks off, carefully selecting her next words. Priya - noticeably - never has that problem. A smile nearly crosses her face - but she holds it back. Meena winces in embarrassment and disgust. From behind Meena, her apartment door opens... And Freddy enters. Freddy looks up, and upon seeing Meena on a video call-- Freddy instantly FALLS to the ground. Meena spins around. Freddy, a little embarrassed, stands up and walks toward Meena. Looking over Meena's shoulder, he waves to Priya. Meena and Freddy share a smile. Freddy waves to Priya and disappears into Meena's room. Meena keeps her eyes on the door. Meena turns back to Priya. sails down the lakeside coast of the city, as a docent speaks over the speakers. On the deck, Freddy steps out - drinks in hand. He sees Meena, standing at the boat's edge and looking out over the water toward the city. The setting sun cloaking her in silhouette. Freddy pauses a moment, letting the image soak in. Finally, he approaches, handing Meena her cocktail. Meena turns to Freddy, with a half chuckle: Meena is keeping her cool. Trying to be patient on an issue that they've clearly discussed many times before. Freddy smiles. So incredibly sure of himself. Meena looks Freddy up and down before taking his arm and snuggling in closer. They look off as the sun sets over the city. Meena types away at her laptop. Her phone BUZZES. She picks it up. An e-mail. ON SCREEN we catch the words: "Meena..." "Interview..." "We regret..." Meena puts down her phone. She nods to herself before getting back to her work. Meena rides in the back of a Lyft. She's on her phone again. ON SCREEN: "We're sorry to inform you that--" Meena looks away from her phone and out the window. On her couch, Meena's eyes scan her phone screen. We don't need to see what it says. We know. More bad news. Meena looks up toward Freddy, sitting beside her. She almost says something, but decides against it. She smiles and looks toward the TV. Freddy presses play on the movie. Freddy pauses the movie again. He smiles, and turns his attention completely to the movie. Meena looks at Freddy... Moving slowly up a sidewalk, Meena is in a daze. She's two steps behind Freddy, who is bounding up the stairs to her apartment complex. She follows him inside-- Meena briefly pauses at the front door. But Freddy's out of earshot, so she quickens her pace and catches up with him in the hallway as he keeps walking ahead. Freddy finishes speaking as he arrives at her doorstep. At her door, Meena turns the key in the lock, and partially opens the door. She then pauses, keeping the door ajar. Now worried, Freddy moves past Meena and opening the door to her apartment. He enters... And Freddy finds her apartment completely empty. The walls are bare. The couch is gone. All that remains are some boxes in the corner. Freddy turns to face Meena, still standing in the doorway. This hits Freddy like a gut punch. He looks for somewhere to sit, but there's nothing. Meena takes a step in from the doorway. Freddy nods his head. Meena moves toward Freddy. Her sadness seeping into anger. Their argument has brought them face to face. And their anger quickly retreats back to embarrassment. Freddy, embarrassed, looks down at the floor. Meena takes Freddy's head in her hand, forcing him to look at her and confront the issue before them. Freddy shuts his eyes, hoping this moment can just end. She's heartbroken. His world is destroyed. Meena takes Freddy's hands in hers. She searches for the words so Freddy will understand. So she sings. She wishes things would change. But they won't. She wants to be with him. But she doesn't know how. She doesn't want to hurt like this. But she does. And she's afraid they'll hurt each other more if they don't deal with this now. Therefore, she must stick to her plans. Therefore, she sings: I Have To Go Finally, Freddy looks up. He falls into her arms, and they hold each other. Alone in her kitchen, Meena continues SINGING. She watches as Freddy packs boxes in her living room. Meena starts slowly taking her photos down from her fridge... Walking arm in arm, her SONG continues as Freddy and Meena take one last final stroll through their city... And the song fades out... The SOUNDS of gate change announcements, dragged suitcases, and crying babies. O'Hare International Airport. This is where they'll say goodbye. From a distance, we watch as Meena faces Freddy at the security line. We cannot hear the words they exchange, but we know it's only pleasantries hiding tremendous hurt. They embrace. And then Meena turns to leave, wiping a tear from her face. Freddy remains a moment, before turning and leaving alone, with his head hung low. In an under lit and empty passageway connecting terminals, Meena stands on a moving walkway. She cries softly, as it carries her toward her awaiting plane. She shuts her eyes tight, fighting back tears. Then, Meena opens her eyes. She turns around. Facing toward where she came from. Unable to contain the emotions bubbling up within her... She SINGS. She sings that she must be logical. She has to go. He should have understood. She has to go. Meena walks toward us. And against the walkway. Going nowhere. She sings about how she'll miss him more than she's ever missed someone before. And yet, she has to go. So Meena stops singing. Wipes her face. Turns back around. And let's the walkway take her to her gate. Standing still, but every moment getting farther and farther away from Freddy... Home from the airport, Freddy enters his apartment. He shuffles to the living room, and collapses onto the couch. Hanging above him, black and white movie posters adorn the wall. Movies with happier endings than his own experience. Freddy looks to his side table, stacked high with books and tapes: Back on Navy Pier, Freddy sits alone on a bench. Behind him, the Grand Ballroom is roped off for construction. Freddy sits with his mother and father in the living room, barely able to stay focused. Freddy, distracted, barely acknowledges her statement. Freddy looks up, and nods his head. Freddy walks the streets of Chicago, lost in thought-- He looks up: LOGAN THEATER. The site of their first date. He gazes around Logan Square. And mixed with the SOUNDS of cars, trains, and crowds... The SOUND of STRINGS. Freddy takes a deep breath, and-- Freddy - wearing a small backpack - bursts out of his apartment complex and starts strutting down the sidewalk. The MUSIC builds behind him. And while the busy world around him may not see or hear it, he SINGS and DANCES with more life and focus than we've ever seen. He sings that he can't give up so easily. Nothing - nothing! - beats a grand gesture. So... I Have To Go! On the train platform, as a train blows past, he hops up on a bench and belts out that he knows it's not over till the credits. And he can have his happy ending! He has to go! Finally, in the airport, Freddy spins up to the counter and-- He's beaming. The TICKET AGENT: not so much. And the MUSIC swells as-- Freddy pauses before opening his mouth to respond and... OK, so now the MUSIC swells! Freddy marches down the same depressing moving sidewalk that took Meena away from him. Only this time, lights of every color illuminate the passageway. Freddy sings: he can't not be with her. It's that simple. He'll do anything - anything! - to be by her side. So... he has to go! He dances, spinning around and jumping back and forth on the moving sidewalk. The MUSIC builds and builds, as the colors grow brighter and brighter... Finally, he reaches his gate. His foot nervously taps. He takes a deep breath. And he sings below his breath that he has to go. And he does - stepping beyond the doors of the gate and jogging down the walkway toward his plane. And as the orchestra plays, hitting its crescendo... Freddy takes off into the air... OVER BLACK... Drums... A steady beat... Freddy - wearing his backpack and looking the part of the American tourist - smiles. He looks left, and takes a step forward into a street-- WHISH! A car ZIPS by Freddy, nearly running him over. He hops backward onto the sidewalk. Rattled, Freddy's eyes dart around - perhaps now only fully taking in his surrounding. MARKET VENDORS display their saris. Cows absentmindedly wander through the streets. A MAN sells pani puri to hungry customers from his cart. Taxis and auto-ricksaws fill Freddy's view, and their non- stop car-horns fill his ears. We PULL OUT and reveal a packed city street in the heart of New Delhi. THOUSANDS fill the marekt, and Freddy is only a very, very small part of what is happening around him. And as the DRUMS continue to build... MUSIC EXPLODES - backed by a full orchestra - and the entire crowd bursts into song! Freddy has landed in a Bollywood musical! [NOTE: The Indian dialogue and lyrics are a natural mix of Hindi and English - much like you'd actually hear in New Delhi's Connaught Place or Select City Mall.] Seemingly every resident of Delhi starts SINGING. And DANCING. All while going about their lives. Whether a TAXI DRIVER or a ROADSIDE BARBER or a group of SCHOOL CHILDREN. Hundreds of conversations are SUNG as we whip around the market. The lyrics are a small snippet of life in New Delhi. "Cut me a deal, that's nearly half a lakh." "I need a salwar kameez for the Mehndi." "Want some chicken tikka pizza from Nirula's?" "Virat Kohli's the greatest batsman of all time." Even with subtitles, Freddy would be completely lost. And as they hit the chorus, they announce WELCOME TO DELHI! It's the biggest apple. A city that truly never sleeps. A city of love. A city of lights. A city of music and car horns blasting through the night. Freddy tries his best to sing along - but he's lost, not knowing the words. And he's out of step with the dance, discovering that you can't tap dance across a street when seven lanes of traffic whiz by on a three lane road. With now hundreds dancing in unison, completely blocking Freddy out, the ensemble comes together for the big finish. Welcome to Delhi! And as quickly as it began-- The song ends. The ensemble dissipates to go back about their lives. Freddy stands alone. He looks around, now more confused than he was before. A look of horror then creeps across his face. Patting his back pocket, he discovers: his wallet is gone. He looks all around, as CROWDS casually breeze past him in every direction. He's lost. Confused. And screwed. A gate opens... revealing Meena. The past few weeks have worn on her. She looks tired. As if exhausted from weeks of crying. She takes a deep breath, and allows a smile to fight its way to the surface. We follow as Meena enters a driveway, passing by a DRIVER who is washing the family car. He smiles and puts his hands together in return. Past him, Meena reaches a small barking Indian Spitz dog, running around in circles and jumping to catch her attention. She pets her dog, and turns toward her home. It's a large house, surrounded by greenery on all sides. But just as we get a good look at it, we follow Meena inside... The house is mostly marble, with Indian art on the walls. Meena heads toward the stairs, but takes an impulsive turn toward the kitchen... We follow as Meena enters the large kitchen. Off to the side, a COOK chops onions. He doesn't notice as Meena walks to the stove. She takes a spoon and tries the dish being prepared. From her face we know it's delicious. With a smile, she turns and heads out of the kitchen... Back in the entryway, Meena walks up the stairs. Past a sweeping MAID, with whom she exchanges a smile. Finally, she arrives upstairs to find her parents... SANDEEP sits at his desk, squinting as he types on his very small phone screen. While he may wear business suits in meetings, at home he relaxes in kurta pajamas. SHREE sits in a chair nearby, playing around on an iPad. Shree is never not in a traditional salwar kameez or sari. Neither notices as Meena enters. Sandeep and Shree both look up toward their daughter. Shree has returned her focus completely to her iPad. Meena rolls her eyes, turning back to Sandeep. Shree, not paying attention, lifts up her iPad. Shree reveals a photo of Meena on her iPad. Shree stretches out to reveal just how relaxed she is. Sandeep is now once again fully immersed in his phone. Shree pulls up some new biodatas on her iPad. Sandeep and Shree try to hold it in... but eventually GIGGLE together at such a silly, unstable job choice. Meena, trying to restrain her annoyance, turns to leave. Meena turns, and glances from Shree to Sandeep. Meena considers. But-- CROWDS OF DOZENS stand in line at the train terminal to purchase tickets. And by "stand in line", I mean that they are crowding in and constantly pushing forward. And at the very front of this massive "line" is Freddy. Freaked out and totally out of his element, Freddy speaks with a very uninterested TELLER. Freddy pulls a crumbled up piece of paper from his pocket. The Teller neither responds nor reacts in any way. The Teller remains stoic and unmoving. And just as Freddy nearly starts again, he hears: Freddy's attention darts toward a well dressed young Indian man walking away from him. This is DEV. Freddy turns and starts sprinting after Dev. Following about ten steps behind Dev, Freddy weaves through the crowd, bumping into way too many people, and yelling: Freddy looking for Dev in the crowd, bumps straight into-- AN Freddy looks up and spots Dev getting on a train. He grabs the straps on his backpack and starts running toward the train. And as it starts moving... And he's running beside it... He jumps on! Dev has settled in his seat in the first class cabin. Freddy, exhausted, collapses into the seat across the aisle from him. Freddy looks to Dev with a big smile. Dev nods back awkwardly, and immediately pulls out his phone. Dev straightens up, and faces Freddy. The smile drops from Freddy's face in horror. Freddy spins and looks out the window as the city passes by. Freddy looks around, panicked. He spots a SECURITY GUARD and quickly jumps to his feet. Freddy jogs up the aisle to the Security Guard, facing him: An idea occurs to Freddy: Freddy once again finds himself in a awful, shitty situation. He's then surprised when DEV slaps his hand on Freddy's shoulder. Dev smiles to the Security Guard. Dev pulls out a wad of rupees, handing it to the Guard. The Guard nods, turns, and leaves. Before he can even react, Freddy's eyes look out the window as the city of New Delhi passes him by. Bowls are served with steaming spinach subzee and daal. Plates are served with crisp dosai and fresh roti. At a high-class, modern Indian restaurant, Meena sits at a table near a window overlooking a vast green lawn. Across from her sits Priya and her husband, BASU. Meena and Priya dig in to the feast before them. Basu, meanwhile, seems far more interested in his phone. Priya puts down her roti. Upon hearing his name, Basu looks up from his phone. Basu shrugs and turns back to his phone. Meena thinks for a moment... She uses her roti to scoop up a generous portion of aloo. Meena smiles. But as she gets lost in thought... Meena nods and they return back to their incredible meal. Freddy, his head resting against the train window, slowly opens his eyes. The first thing he notices is that the train has stopped. The second is that the train car is now empty. An extremely jet-lagged Freddy BOLTS UP, looking out the window at the Jaipur train station. And he once again spots Dev quickly walking away. Dev walks through the train station, when Freddy appears beside him once again. An over-eager Freddy extends his hand. Freddy and Dev arrive near the ticket counter. Dev points up to a TRAIN SCHEDULE. Another gut punch for Freddy. He's nearly immune now. Freddy shakes his head. Two glasses are filled with Johnny Walker Black Label. Turned away from Dev, Freddy stares at his phone. Freddy's finger hovers over the call button. With the TV on, Sandeep is fast asleep in a recliner. Sitting on a nearby couch next to Shree, Meena picks up her BUZZING phone. "FREDDY" Meena turns away from her mother, answering softly: Freddy hears her voice, and instantly lights up. He looks at his phone, as its battery dies in front of him. Meena looks at her phone before putting it back to her ear. Confused. Sad. Slightly worried. She puts her phone away. And at that moment, ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYS. But it's not in her head. Meena looks up to the TV screen. A scene from the film Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge. A woman stands in a field of yellow flowers. She looks to a man standing in the field, facing away from her. He turns, and their eyes meet. She runs to him and they embrace. Meena relaxes on the couch next to Shree, putting her head on her mother's shoulder. Shree looks down at Meena with a smile. Freddy, totally deflated, sits down at a table. Across from him, Dev hands him a glass of whiskey. Freddy nods and the two men drink. Freddy glances over at a nearby WAITER, who gives him a super friendly thumbs up. Dev trails off, motioning to the Waiter for more whiskey. Dev looks his sad new friend up and down. Dev and Freddy pick up their new shots of whiskey as... The MUSIC pumps in. Gone are the traditional Indian drums - replaced by electronic beats. Freddy smiles, drawn into Dev's world... And Dev starts SINGING. In the form of a toast, he SINGS to Freddy about love, and why it's worth fighting for. No matter what happens, you have to take a shot. Then, on cue, the two men take a shot. Dev sings about how no obstacle, big or small, can stand in his way. He needs to take a shot. And so, they take another shot. Almost instantly drunker than a moment ago, Dev stands and grabs Freddy's shirt, pulling him up off his chair. He SINGS that Freddy knows what he must do. He knows what he must be. Dev and Freddy burst out of a stairwell and onto a rooftop in the heart of Jaipur. With some killer dance moves, Dev spins around. He points to Freddy, and SINGS: Be A Hero! Dev continues to dance around, and up to, every edge of the rooftop. Freddy joins in - or at least attempts to. Dancing side by side, Dev gives Freddy quick pointers on this very different dancing style. Quick kicks. And a lot more hands. As the song continues, Dev and Freddy dance through the IN ONE MOMENT, Freddy follows Dev who dances into one side of a taxi ricksaw, and then they both dance out the other side - eventually making their way across the street. IN ANOTHER MOMENT, the two fast friends have found their way onto a motorcycle. Dev drives the motorcycle, and Freddy sits in the sidecar. AND IN YET ANOTHER MOMENT, Dev and Freddy pass a bottle of whiskey back and forth. And soon their perfect dance steps have transformed into a more artful stumble. But Dev has continued SINGING. And one final time, he implores his new friend: Be A Hero! They cheers. Dev takes a final swig, finishing the bottle. Meena, holding a plastic binder, enters the living room. Looking up from her binder, she finds Shree reading a book. At that moment, Sandeep storms into living room - wearing a headset and speaking very LOUDLY on the phone. Sandeep hangs up, and turns to Meena. Sandeep turns and heads right back out the door and into the hallway. Meena starts following him when-- She nearly bumps into a man standing in the hallway. He's tall and very, very handsome. This is KABIR. Meena is caught off guard, unsure who this stranger is. Meena and Kabir turn to Sandeep yelling from the other room, before an uncomfortable Kabir smiles and turns back to Meena. Sandeep runs back into the hallway, skidding in between Meena and Kabir. Out of breath, he shakes Kabir's hand. Kabir hands over a small envelope, which Sandeep barely acknowledges before turning to Meena. Feigning surprise at her presense, he turns back to Kabir. Meena blankly looks at her father, before throwing on a fake smile and giving a nod. Sandeep's enthusiasm for this introduction is far beyond both Meena, who stares straight at her father, and Kabir, who mostly looks down at his feet. Sandeep beams proudly. Meena is mortified. Shree laughs to herself from her seat in the living room. Meena turns to leave, shaking her head on her way down the stairs. An exhausted Dev, ticket in hand, walks up to an extremely energetic Freddy. Dev hands over the ticket, and a stack of rupees. The final word hangs in the air. Freddy pauses, finally understanding Dev's situation. Dev nods, and extends his hand to bid Freddy farewell. Freddy instead pulls him in for a hug. Meena sits on a small bench in her front lawn. Her dog Sultan silently sits beside her as she pets him. Behind her, Kabir exits the house. Meena turns around and looks at Kabir curiously. Kabir walks up and stands near her. She nods, giving a slight laugh at how silly it all is. Kabir smiles at his own (objectively) great line. He then leans down to pet Sultan, who-- GROWLS and BARKS at Kabir, shooting him backwards. Kabir awkwardly LAUGHS, nods to Meena, and stumbles away. She watches him go, hiding her own laughter while petting a now extremely calm Sultan. Meena looks up as Shree sits down next to her. Mother and daughter watch as Kabir exits out the front gate. Meena shakes her head. Meena searches for the words. Shree puts her arm around Meena. They look off, leaving the conversation for now. Later, Meena wanders through her parent's garden - alone. Out of sight of anyone else, she pulls out her phone from her pocket. With a few clicks: A PICTURE OF FREDDY AND MEENA She stares at it. Smiling. And then-- Like being hit by a flood of emotions, Meena breaks down. The phone drops to the ground, and her hands cover her face, as she bursts into tears. She slowly lowers herself to the ground, perhaps finally allowing herself to feel the pain of being without him. She wipes the tears from her face. Catches her breath. Meena looks directly into the camera. And with a soft, sweet voice - she SINGS. The song is sung in Hindi - the subtitles revealing poetic language as if from another time. She sings about the deep pain in her heart. An incompleteness to her every moment, and a fear that this missing piece will haunt her for a lifetime. She feels torn - as if her heart lives in two separate lands. She never thought she could feel the emotions she is feeling. She never thought she would sing the words she is singing. And yet there's no one to speak to about this pain. No one will understand. So she sings for herself. She sings for him. Meena sits in the backseat of her car, driven through the city of New Delhi. Reflections of life hit the window, but Meena's still lost deep in thought. The SONG continues over images of Meena sleepwalking her way Meena walks alone, past STALLS and MARKETS. She makes eye contact with no one. She pays no attention to anyone or anything. Returning to the garden, she paces back and forth. Finally, Meena reaches down and picks up her phone. Meena and Sandeep, dressed in business attire, both shake the hand of a BUSINESSMAN - as they finish a meeting together. As he turns to leave, Sandeep looks toward Meena proudly. Meena forces a smile. Day has turned to night. Meena sits on a bench in the garden. She types on her phone. We only catch glimpses: FREDDY... MISS YOU... LOVE YOU... Meena turns one final time toward us. She SINGS: This pain I feel. I've created for myself. I could end it at any moment. But I made my decision. To prevent the She ASKS: Am I wrong? Why does this feel so wrong? Why does this hurt so bad? And with that, her finger touches the delete button. And her message to Freddy is GONE. Freddy JOLTS awake. Wiping the drool from his mouth, he notices he's in the back of a taxi. The TAXI DRIVER faces him. Freddy looks out the window, momentarily panicking. Relaxing, he looks back out the window at Meena's home. Meena paces inside her home, going over some documents from one of her many binders. She hears a NOISE from outside. Meena turns, looking out a window. The Guard has opened the gate. A man is entering. That man is FREDDY. Shock. Excitement. Giddiness. Freddy, still in a daze, looks around as he walks up the driveway. His eyes turn toward the open front door. He spots MEENA. She slowly walks toward him. Soon, she can't control herself, and starts to jog. And when they meet, they pause. Three feet apart. A smile on each of their faces. Freddy and Meena turn to find Sandeep standing on his porch. Meena's smile has disappeared. Reality has set in. Sandeep, with Sultan right on his heels, walks up to Freddy. Sultan instantly begins sniffing and licking at Freddy. Freddy shoots Meena a puzzled glance. Freddy, extremely confused, looks to Meena. She shrugs and mouths back "I don't know..." Meena (speechless and terrified) looks to Freddy. Freddy (speechless and... excited) looks back to Meena. The middle of the night. The house is quiet. A bedroom door opens. Freddy eagerly pops his head out. The opposite door opens. Meena stands in the doorway. Meena puts her hands on her hips in disbelief. Meena catches herself raising her voice, and in a panic she ducks back into her bedroom. A freaked out Freddy soon follows suit, closing his door. Down the hallway, a door OPENS and Sandeep pops his head out. Groggy and half-asleep, he looks around before closing his door again. The hallway is empty and quiet, until... Meena's door opens. As does Freddy's. She shakes her head, and can't help but smile. He continues speaking in half-whispers. Both Meena and Freddy realize that he was too loud, and instinctively step back into their rooms, closing their doors simultaneously. Down the hallway, Sandeep's door opens once again. He rubs his eyes, looks around, and then pops back in. Freddy's door then opens. As does Meena's. Freddy's enthusiasm deflates as she speaks. Before Freddy can respond, Meena closes the door to her room. Alone in the hallway, Freddy slowly disappears behind his own closing door. And once again, the hallway is empty and quiet. Freddy re-opens his door, waiting for Meena to do the same. She does not. However, down the hallway, Sandeep's door OPENS. They make eye contact. And with that, Freddy closes his bedroom door for the night. Meena and Freddy, standing a non-suspicious distance apart, walk down the stairs together. As they reach the bottom of the stairs, Shree exits the dining room and heads toward them. Meena punches Freddy on the arm as casually as she can. Shree, confused, smiles and heads past them up the stairs. Meena heads into the dining room. Freddy, following behind her: And as Freddy and Meena disappear into the dining room: The front door swings open and Kabir enters. Kabir is trailed by Sandeep's driver, holding the door open for him. Sandeep eagerly sprints down the stairs toward Kabir. Meena stares straight ahead, as Freddy and Kabir - sitting on either side of her - look each other over. Freddy smiles at Sandeep, and then turns to Meena, who shoots him a glance that immediately wipes the grin off his face. The table turns to look at Freddy - who is mid-bite. Freddy nods, biting his tongue. Meena turns to Kabir. Freddy takes a deep breath, gathers his thoughts, and: And with that, Freddy takes a bite from a parantha. A smile ever-so-briefly flashes across Meena's face. And at the head of the table, Sandeep leans in. Quite impressed by Meena's "buddy". Rows and rows of thin alleyways, packed with VENDORS selling clothes, knick-knacks, and food, as well as THOUSANDS of men, women, and children pushing through to look at the individual stalls. This isn't where the tourists go. This is Chandni Chowk. Meena and Shree browse a collection of bangles. Meena, distracted, turns back down the alley to see Sandeep, Kabir, and Freddy walking together. She looks worried. Down the alley, near a stall selling every cheesy Indian souvenir imaginable, Freddy nods along as Sandeep continues a very long and passionate monologue. Freddy keeps nodding along, getting just a bit nervous. Sandeep, caught up in the emotions of his speech, takes a step a bit too close to Freddy. Freddy keeps nodding, trying not to shit his pants. Meena tries on bangles, while Shree eyes her. Meena pauses, before picking up more bangles. Meena nods. Alone, Freddy looks over the souvenirs. Kabir walks up and browses next to him. Keeping cool. Freddy stops, and turns toward Kabir. Each man trying to read the other. Kabir sizes Freddy up, taking a sip from his water bottle. Kabir looks down at the bottle, and then offers it to Freddy. Freddy looks from Kabir... to the bottle... and back to Kabir. Freddy darts off. Meena shops alone, looking through a pile of plastic wrapped knock-offs of American clothing brands. Meena nods, and puts the shirt aside. Freddy slides up, and turns to Meena. Meena tries her best to keep shopping and ignore him completely. Meena looks at Freddy, rolls her eyes, and returns to her shopping. Freddy spots the shirt Meena was considering. He picks it up. The CLOTHING VENDOR takes a long look at Freddy. Meena takes a deep breath before picking up a new item and showing it to the vendor. Meena, pissed, throws the item back on the pile and steps in close to speak with Freddy in hushed tones. Meena storms off, leaving Freddy alone with the smiling clothing vendor. Back from the market, Sandeep and Shree rush ahead into the house. Freddy and Meena, bags in each hand, hold back to speak in private. Meena walks on. Freddy follows behind her. As Freddy enters, he sees Sandeep greeting his son. Sandeep notices Freddy: A young man turns around. It's DEV. Dev - completely freaked out - freezes before yelling out: Both men - equally shocked - stare each other down. Sandeep, in the middle, is confused. But goes with it. Freddy nods, trying to act cool. He looks at Dev, incredulously. Brightly covered canopies dot the perimeter of a truly lavish outdoor party. WAITERS walk around with trays, serving samosas and other appetizers to GUESTS, each wearing a more elaborate and colorful traditional Indian outfit than the last. And in the midst of the party we find ANAMIKA - Dev's fiance. She's sitting alone in an elaborate sari, shyly smiling as guests pass. Anamika'S MOTHER and Sandeep speak behind her. Anamika looks up and waves: ACROSS THE PARTY: Dev stands with Freddy - who is wearing a shirt and tie and is the only person in Western clothes. Dev waves back to Anamika before turning back to Freddy. NEAR THE TABLES: Anamika leans forward - watching Freddy and Dev as they speak privately with one another. Anamika watches as Freddy puts his hand on Dev's shoulder. She raises her eyebrow. ACROSS THE PARTY: Dev and Freddy continue speaking. Freddy shakes his head and starts walking. Dev follows him. Freddy flips back around, nearly running into: Shree - who turns from her conversation to Freddy. Freddy makes eye contact with Priya. Priya instantly straightens up and loudly proclaims: Looking up from his phone, Basu eyes Freddy. Shree looks around. Very confused.  people look the same. All eyes turn to Basu... who instantly nods his head. And Basu returns back to browsing on his phone. NEAR THE TABLES: With Sandeep and her mother gone, Anamika sits all alone - eyeing Dev and Freddy across the party. And behind her, at the table next to hers, sits Kabir. They both stare off in the same direction. Toward Freddy and Dev - now speaking to one another off to the side. Kabir notices Anamika, and turns half-way to face her: Still faced away from one another, Kabir doesn't notice Anamika breathing deeply and shaking her head. Anamika turns to face Kabir. She's shocked. Anamika's eyes go wide in bewilderment. And Kabir walks off, leaving Anamika more confused than ever. ACROSS THE PARTY: Freddy and Dev speak in hushed tones. Until Freddy spots Kabir approaches and instantly peps up: Kabir joins the two of them - facing Freddy directly. But Kabir PAUSES as Sandeep walks up next to Freddy. The four men turn toward the tables. They spot Anamika sitting alone. Dev waves. She waves back - her face blank and her eyes wide. Kabir throws an overly friendly hand on Sandeep's shoulder. Not to be outdone, Freddy also throws his hand on Sandeep's shoulder. Kabir faces Freddy directly. Kabir and Freddy stare each other down. Meanwhile, Sandeep stands in the middle. Very confused. ACROSS THE PARTY: Meena walks up to Priya and Basu. Meena shakes her head, and begins looking around the party. She spins around and sees: Freddy and Kabir standing on the dance floor. ON THE DANCE FLOOR: Kabir turns a microphone on and steps forward, facing the crowd. The crowd CHEERS as they all turn to find Dev and Anamika standing an extremely awkward distance apart. Kabir then seamlessly transitions into Hindi. Freddy looks at Kabir as he monologues. In Hindi. And with that, Kabir smiles and walks off the dance floor. Watching all this unfold, Meena is pissed. Standing alone on the dance floor, Freddy looks out to the crowd - as every eye stares back at him. Except for Meena. She looks away. Unable to watch. Freddy nods his head. Then he half-turns to the band, saying: Meena's eyes fly up toward Freddy - just as wind softly starts to blow in her hair... And the horns behind Freddy begin to play... And a drummer starts beating a giant drum... Freddy starts to snap his fingers in rhythm as the beat picks up. And Freddy starts SINGING-- in Hindi! He sings about how sometimes you have to take risks. Sometimes you have to shake things up. Jump to the front of a crowd. And sometimes, you have to be the Life Of The Party. Meena is in shock and cannot believe what's happening. And, frankly, neither can Freddy. He wears a giddy, wide smile as he suddenly starts dancing. Background dancers jump onto the dance floor, but Freddy goes beat for beat alongside them. He's jumping, sliding, and pumping his shoulders like any great Indian dancer. Soon, Freddy races forward - dancing into the crowd. As he moves, the crowd jumps on their feet around him. Freddy keeps the energy up, dancing on top of tables - and jumping from one table to the next. Meena is in a state of blissful disbelief. Freddy, meanwhile, has danced his way up onto the bar. The BARTENDER lobs a bottle of whiskey up to him. Freddy catches it and immediately starts pouring drinks for nearby guests. Sandeep, holding his own bottle of whiskey, is lifted up onto the bar. As Freddy keeps singing, the two men clink their bottles together and take a swig! Jumping off the bar, Freddy discovers THE ENTIRE PARTY IS NOW DANCING! Guests. Drummers. Waiters. Young kids and uncles and aunties. Freddy dances through the crowd, passing by Meena... She's dancing too, headed in the other direction... Meena spins back toward Freddy, and they criss-cross again... Finally, Freddy and Meena circle one another, and the moment seems to slow in time. Their eyes locked on one another. And as Freddy dances off toward the dance floor for the BIG FINALE FINISH, Meena watches him go with a smile on her face. Meena is in love. The song has finished. The party is lively. NEAR THE DANCE FLOOR, Freddy speaks with a GUEST - but his gaze is elsewhere. He spots Meena, standing across the party. Freddy nods to the guest, and moves off - toward Meena. When he's stopped-- Shree and two AUNTIES circle around Freddy. Shree, noticing the air of awkwardness, cuts in. Shree lightly pats Freddy's cheek. Freddy smiles. He turns to face-- Anamika. She shyly looks up at Freddy. Freddy leans in nervously. Instantly overcome with emotion, Anamika throws her hands over her face and rushes away. Freddy stands alone - considering the previous exchange: Finally through the gauntlet of well-wishing guests, Freddy and Meena meet at the center of the party. They almost embrace, but with guests continually swirling around them, they catch themselves. Instead, with a smile, Freddy walks up and stands next to Meena. They stand side by side, looking out toward the crowd. She turns to face him, and Freddy and Meena's eyes meet. Their hands fall side by side, and her finger ever so slightly touches his, before separating again. She smiles. Off to the side, Meena holds the hand of a woman in her 70s. This is her grandmother. Her NANI. Meena turns and introduces her Nani to Freddy. Freddy steps up toward her, putting his hands together to greet her. Meena takes a half step back as Freddy and Nani begin their simple, yet very sweet, conversation. Watching this seemingly impossible event unfold, Meena is overwhelmed. Barefoot CONSTRUCTION WORKERS climb incredibly strong bamboo shafts, fastening together the outer framework of a tent. Nearby, Sandeep sits alone on a bench - silently watching as they construct his son's wedding venue. From behind, Freddy walks up to the bench. Before Sandeep can acknowledge him, he sits. Neither man immediately speaks. Instead, they just watch the workmen build the tent from the ground up. Freddy sheepishly looks off toward the tent. Sandeep, confused, nods slowly and looks off toward the tent. Slowly, Sandeep puts his head in his hands. He looks tired.  he's dragging his feet. Sandeep turns and faces Freddy, fully engaging with him. Freddy nods, thinking hard before responding. He pulls out his phone, pulls up his app, and hands it to Sandeep. Sandeep scrolls through the app's features. Freddy sheepishly looks down. Sandeep stands. A moment later, Freddy follows. A massively tall minaret tower stands in the center of Delhi. And Freddy stands below it - in complete awe. He stumbles as he walks around it. Sandeep walks behind him. Freddy comes to a stop, looking up at the tower. Freddy looks over to Sandeep for his response, but Sandeep remains stoic. Until he eventually breaks, and CHUCKLES. Freddy and Sandeep look back up at the tower. LAUGHING. Anamika and her mother ride in the backseat of their family car. Lost in thought, Anamika looks out the window. Anamika turns toward her mother... Meena enters her room, casually closing the door behind her. But as soon as it shuts, she falls against the door, putting her head in her hands and stomping her feet. She works out every emotion. Shock. Passion. Excitement. Giddiness. Literally everything plays out before our eyes. But this is Meena. Calm. Collected. Logical. So she slows her breath, and speaks softly to herself: Meena paces around the room. Meena stops in her tracks, but keeps speaking to herself. Meena takes a deep breath... Meena BURSTS out from her room. HORNS blare. Her hair dramatically BLOWS in the wind. Now she's the one under the spell, dancing down her hallway and around the upstairs of her house. Her SONG is classic old-school Bollywood. Her previous rationality has given way to lyrics full of poetic hyperbole expressing her deep undying love for Freddy. Around the house, past the upstairs balcony, and through the hallways, Meena dances and spins. And spins. And spins... Meena looks around, no longer in her home. Her daydream has taken her to a field of yellow flowers, straight out of her favorite movie: Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge. She looks off in the distance. A man stands, turned away from her. But it's not Shah Rukh Khan. It's FREDDY. She runs toward him, and they embrace among the flowers... But when they separate, they're no longer in the field. In fact, they're no longer in color. Meena has daydreamed herself into a 1940's Bollywood epic. In full traditional outfits from centuries prior, Freddy and Meena dance through the ornately decorated palace halls. Freddy takes her by the hand, and spins her around... And now Meena finds herself near a moonlit pond. The reflected lights sparkle in her eyes, like a heroine from a Sanjay Leela Bhansali film. Meena and Freddy stand at the edge of the pond. She looks ahead, eyeing rocks in the water. Meena gracefully jumps from one to the next. Following behind her, Freddy does the same. Meena takes a leap from the final rock to shore... Meena lands on a hard surface, barely able to balance herself. The wind BLOWS hard in her face. She looks around to find herself on TOP OF A MOVING TRAIN! Turning around, she finds Freddy. And without missing a beat, the two start dancing on top of the train as it moves through the Indian countryside They dance CLOSER and CLOSER to one another... They arrive face to face... And as the SMOKE from the train's engine envelopes around them... Meena is back in her room as the music FADES AWAY. On her bed, she looks at herself in the mirror. A KNOCK at the door. Meena stands as Sandeep opens the door. Sandeep awkwardly pauses in the doorway. Meena can't believe what she's hearing. Caught off guard, Meena nods her head. He smiles and exits the room. Meena stares off, considering the offer he's just made... As cars and taxis WHIZZ by, Freddy stands with Meena's family near a pani puri cart. The PANI PURI VENDOR takes a crisp, hollow fried ball and uses his thumb to poke a hole in it. The vendor fills up the ball with spicy flavored water and chaat masala and hands it over to Freddy. Freddy does - rather in-eloquently - and the juice runs all down his shirt. Just then, a car pulls in behind the family. Its headlights draw their attention. The car door opens. Anamika's Mother exits. Anamika follows. Anamika's Mother searches for her words. Anamika, meanwhile, stands quietly behind her. The group goes SILENT. Sandeep and Shree share a worried glance. Dev looks to Anamika, who looks down at her feet. All eyes land on Freddy - who is quite shocked and confused. The group processes this information. Freddy lets out a brief, relieved CHUCKLE. Shree, however, does not find any of this amusing. Everyone once again turns to face Freddy. He gathers his thoughts. Does he lie? Tell the truth? But it's Meena who closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. The sounds of TAXIS and BUSES fill the deep SILENCE. Off to the side, Anamika stares off into space, putting it all together. Sandeep looks from Freddy to Meena in shock. Sandeep methodically returns to Freddy. Remaining calm... Shree takes a step forward. Meena stares her mother down-- Meena looks to Freddy. Tears welling in his eyes, Freddy looks at the angry and confused faces around him. Sandeep. Shree. Meena. Eyes locked on each other, Freddy and Meena share a final moment-- Before he turns and walks away. He turns back around, as the entire family stares back. He then ducks into the back of the taxi. Freddy stares straight ahead. As the taxi takes off, he looks out the window. Devastated, he wipes his eyes. Back on the street corner, Meena stares off toward Freddy's departing taxi. Meena turns. Pissed. Sandeep nearly responds... But can't. His stare is locked on Meena. Meena and Sandeep turn to face Shree, as she steps forward. Meena looks off - embarrassed. The group SILENTLY turns to Dev, stepping forward from his position off to the side. Dev collects his thoughts. Takes a deep breath. And looks up toward his father. COMPLETE SILENCE. Meena tilts her head, smiling at her brother. But this sweet moment is broken as-- Shree turns and leaves. She walks toward their car, steps into the back, and SLAMS the door shut. Anamika looks up toward her mother... Who takes her hand and walks her away from the group... Anamika looks back toward Dev. She mouths "I'm sorry"... But Sandeep remains. Frozen in place, he stares off toward the street. Shaking his head, Sandeep stumbles past Meena and toward the car - stepping into the backseat with Shree. Meena and Dev are left alone. They share a glance as the SOUNDS of the New Delhi street overwhelm them. A MAN exits a small shared bathroom, and walks past... A common area where a GROUP OF MEN sit around a TV, SCREAMING LOUDLY at a cricket match. The man then moves past... A front desk where the HOSTEL OWNER sits, reading the paper, while a nearby radio PLAYS Hindi music from decades ago... And finally we reach Freddy, sitting at a table across from an OLDER INDIAN MAN pouring a glass of water. The man offers it to Freddy, who looks at it and SIGHS. Freddy accepts the glass and eyes it suspiciously. He nearly takes a drink when-- His phone BUZZES. He answers: Sitting at a table in the middle of an empty bar, Freddy stares down an untouched Kingfisher beer. Sitting across from Freddy are Priya and Basu. Priya shakes her head, ignoring her husband. Freddy frantically pulls a charging cable from his pocket. Completely exhausted, Freddy puts his head in his hands. Priya PAUSES - his words mirroring Meena's. As Priya thinks of what to say, Basu looks up from his phone and right at Freddy. Freddy nods his head. Priya is in shock at the sheer eloquence of her husband. Priya, sneaking a proud side-glance at Basu, takes over. Freddy smiles. He looks to the Kingfisher beer in front of him. He reaches out and takes a sip - considering the offer. Dev sits alone on the edge of his bed. Sultan jumps up on the bed, and the dog snuggles in beside him. Dev pets Sultan, but even this offers no respite to the pain he feels. In the doorway, Meena watches. Heartbroken, she walks in and sits beside him. Staring off toward a far wall, he barely acknowledges her. He looks up at her. She takes his hand in hers. He hesitates briefly, before pulling out his phone. He opens a picture, and hands the phone to Meena. Dev nods. Meena looks away, hoping - for several reasons - that what he's saying is not true. She nods her head, closing his phone and handing it back. Workers, standing atop the canvas roof towering 30 feet above the ground, slowly deconstruct the wedding tent. Sandeep watches from the same bench as before. He looks exhausted. Worried. He notices someone approaching, and momentarily looks off, before returning his gaze back to the tent. Freddy stands next to him. Freddy takes a moment to gather his courage, and sits. And for a few seconds, the two men sit in SILENCE. Freddy looks for a reaction from Sandeep. Sandeep keeps staring ahead. So Freddy continues: SILENCE. Sandeep takes a pained breath, but-- still says nothing. Freddy takes a deep breath. His confidence now regained. Freddy stands, preparing to leave. Sandeep barely acknowledges him. Finally, Sandeep turns and faces Freddy. And with that, Freddy walks away. Sandeep turns his attention back to the tent. His stare as indecipherable as before... On her driveway, Meena stares up at the gigantic metal gate. She walks toward it, motioning to the guard. The guard nods and opens the gate. Meena walks a few steps ahead before-- Meena flips around and faces her mother. Shocked and pissed, she motions to the guard. Shree, taken a back by her daughter's tone, steps toward her. In control of the conversation, Meena steps toward Shree. Shree looks away, suddenly overcome with thoughts. Memories. Shree cuddles on a couch next to an 8-year-old MEENA, as they lean in watching Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge. On-screen: a young WOMAN watches as the young MAN she loves stands on a departing train. She runs toward him, but her hand is grasp by her stern-looking FATHER.  And at the end, as he's taking off  on the train and Amrish Puri grabs  Kajol's hand... Holding her back... Glued to their circa-1998 TV, Shree and Meena yell at the screen for the father to let her run and catch the train. On-screen: the father looks from his daughter, to her lover pulling away on the train. A close-up on his face as he... releases her arm. Meena's young face lights up. On-screen: the father looks down at his daughter and says: Meena claps wildly as she watches the woman on-screen run off toward the love of her life. Shree looks down at her daughter... A flashback to days earlier, as Shree and Meena watched the same film together. Shree looks down at her daughter, and smiles... Only moments have passed, but Shree stands dead in her tracks, staring straight ahead at Meena. Breathing deeply and trying her best to conceal the confusion she's feeling. Meena faces Shree, shaking her head. In SILENCE, they stare at one another. Shree nearly responds, when... A car pulls up the driveway. As it parks, Sandeep exits - on the phone. He hangs up the phone, and turns to Meena and Shree. He's either oblivious to the fight, or unwilling to engage. Sandeep looks back at Meena. His silence says it all. From the doorway of the house, Dev exits timidly. Sandeep turns, and barely acknowledges his son. Meena shakes her head, and turns to Shree-- Shree stares back - their fight still lingering in the air. Priya and Basu walk toward their car - their DRIVER holding a door open for them. Freddy slows down a few steps behind them. Freddy looks off toward wherever the hell Meena is. Meena sits at a table in an extremely fancy restaurant, staring down at her untouched five-star meal. Beside her, Sandeep, Shree, and Dev all appear in various stages of shock and exhaustion from the previous 24 hours. Across from them, KABIR'S FATHER holds court - proudly discussing his own achievements. On one side of him, Kabir nods his head as his father speaks. On the other side, KABIR'S MOTHER smiles dutifully. Kabir proudly turns to Meena - who is completely checked out. Shree and Dev, meanwhile, politely pick at their food. Kabir's mother maintains the exact same smile as before. So with no real reaction, Kabir's father keeps monologue-ing. Sandeep forces an interested smile onto his face. Kabir and his father turn and LAUGH with one another. But when Kabir turns back to Meena: still no reaction. Meena looks up at Kabir - speechless. Meena, surprised, turns to Sandeep. Meena nods. Accepting the inevitable. Oblivious, Kabir's Father continues his endless one-man-show. Shree looks up, hearing her own words tossed back at her. Sandeep nods, continuing to bear this unbearable man. Off to the side, Dev sinks lower into his seat. Kabir's Father SLAPS his son on the back. Meena looks up. She remembers their first date, as Freddy stands before her: Lost in the memory, a smile crosses Meena's face.  KABIR'S FATHER (O.S.) And then she SMASHES back to reality - as the entire table stares at her. Meena looks around the table. Kabir. Kabir's Father. Kabir's Mother. Meena looks to Sandeep. To Dev. To Shree. She nods her head, as if to answer, and-- Meena stands up. Shree and Sandeep trade a quick worried glance. Meena turns to leave when-- Shree GRABS her wrist. Meena looks down at Shree's hand wrapped around her arm. And as quickly as she grabbed her wrist-- Shree releases it. Every emotion hits Meena simultaneously. Joy. Shock. Love. Unable to take her eyes off her mother, Meena stumbles backwards away from the table. She smiles toward Shree, and finally turns and RUNS. From his seat, Sandeep watches Meena leave the restaurant. He then takes his napkin, wipes his mouth, lays it on the table, and stands. And with that, Sandeep heads toward the exit. Kabir and his father turn from Sandeep... to Shree. She shrugs and stands. Shree turns to Dev. She looks at him for a beat. Dev pauses, unsure how to react... Before Shree rolls her eyes, smiles, and motions to the door. Dev smiles. Meena, Sandeep, Shree, and Dev are all jammed in the back of a very small auto-ricksaw taxi. The taxi WHIZZES through the crowded streets of Delhi. Sandeep leans forward, yelling at the driver. The driver jerks the wheel and takes a hard right. Meena, nervously looking out the window, shakes her head. Meena perks up, and turns to Sandeep. The driver nods and jerks the wheel, taking a hard left. As the taxi SCREECHES to a halt, Meena jumps out. She's surrounded by people. Walking around. Taking pictures. Meena wades through the crowd, looking for Freddy everywhere. She pushes through a crowd of people, when she sees it: A sandstone arch monument in the heart of New Delhi. Yes, it's a little tourist-y. It's also incredibly beautiful. But Meena looks everywhere. And cannot find Freddy. Dwarfed below the massive arch, Meena hangs her head. She closes her eyes, feeling the loss all over again. For a moment, she doesn't believe it. But she turns, and there he is. Freddy motions up to the massive monument. With a big smile, Freddy steps toward Meena-- But she holds up a hand. Meena pauses a BEAT, collecting her thoughts. Freddy takes a step forward. Meena takes a step forward. Face to face with Freddy. Inches apart, Freddy looks into her eyes. He leans in... Meena tilts her head to kiss him before-- Her eyes slowly open, and she looks off to the side. She motions to her right. As her ENTIRE FAMILY watches from the nearby taxi. Freddy waves to them. Both Meena and Freddy straighten up as Sandeep, Shree, and Dev walk up to the pair. Freddy in particular braces himself for Sandeep. Sandeep grabs Freddy for a hug, rocking him back and forth. Meena looks incredulous, trying to process her parents' sudden change of heart. Sandeep turns and nods toward Dev: Meena, still freaking out (but also potentially weighing this new, insane option in her mind), turns to Freddy. Sandeep and Shree share the briefest of smiles, as-- Priya and Basu (head down in his phone) walk up to the group. Basu perks up. He looks around the group... and toward Priya. Basu PAUSES then returns to his phone. Dialing a number. Priya looks to Freddy. Freddy looks to Meena. She takes a deep breath, and smiles back. Drums. Horns. And MUSIC. The song: WE ARE FAMILY by Sister Sledge - the greatest American wedding song of all time. BUT, it's been given a Bollywood remix, with Hindi lyrics and tabla drums pounding. And just as the song kicks into high gear... Hotel lobby doors open, and Freddy leads his mother, father, and entire extended family inside... Where they are instantly met and embraced by Sandeep, Shree, and their entire extended family. Meena sits facing a mirror as her make-up is applied. Meena holds out an empty champagne glass... As it's filled up by Shree, sitting beside her and having her own make-up applied. MUSICIANS pound drums, WAITERS serve drinks from trays, and several HANDLERS walk down a road leading a GIANT ELEPHANT. Freddy - dressed in full Indian wedding attire - looks up at the elephant, wondering how he's supposed to ride it. Freddy turns to Dev, who offers his hand and helps Freddy up onto the elephant. The BAND of DRUMMERS and MUSICIANS leads the baraat parade... Followed by Freddy's entire family dancing to the music... And concluding with Freddy waving his arms on top of the elephant like he's freaking Aladdin! They pass by a hotel, and looking out from her balcony... Meena - wearing a stunning red lehenga - looks down at Freddy. On top of an elephant. In India. She's overjoyed. Freddy looks up. They lock eyes. Time slows... Spotlights swing toward the tent's entrance, as the sides are pulled open, revealing Meena and Freddy, arm in arm. Married. And as the MUSIC keeps playing, a MONTAGE takes us through their evening: Freddy and Meena dance slowly on the dance floor - until Freddy spins her out just as the CHORUS hits... And Freddy and Meena dance to the beat. Freddy especially shows off those dance moves that initially won her over... Sandeep and Shree sit and laugh with Freddy's parents... Meena and Shree dance side by side, spinning around as their outfits flow in unison... Freddy sits with Meena's Nani, just talking... Freddy and his father take over the dance floor with a dance- off, proving who can move their feet faster than the other... Sandeep approaches Dev, who's speaking with a handsome young man: RAJ. After a pause, Sandeep extends his hand and introduces himself to Raj. Dev is shocked and thrilled... By now, everyone is dancing. And I mean everyone. Over 300 people, all moving in unison to the music... In front, Freddy and Meena lead the dance - which is itself a mix of old-school jazz moves and Punjabi shoulder thrusts. Everything's a little mixed up, but also kind of perfect... And as the MUSIC hits its crescendo, Meena pulls out her phone. She turns it around for a selfie with Freddy. But before she can take it, Sandeep and Shree and Dev all push themselves into the frame. And just as Freddy glances down at Meena with a smile... SNAP! The family photo now hangs on Meena and Freddy's refrigerator, surrounded by dozens of photos of their life together...  THE END