Jade Halley Bartlett A cursor blinks on a blank computer screen. Text appears. I have nothing to say. The words are deleted. CAIRO SWEET, 17 and plain in a dark hooded sweatshirt, sits alone at a table in a large kitchen. It’s dark - the only lights coming from her computer screen, a dim bulb above a massive chef’s stove, and an expensive television hanging on the wall, playing NOW, VOYAGER on mute. She shuts the laptop and stares at the TV a moment. Grainy * black and white flickers cast shadows across her impassive * face. Behind her, the sun is just starting to rise gray-pink * in a winter sky. She unmutes the television just as Paul Henreid asks Bette Davis if they should “just have a cigarette on it” in the final scene of the film. Bette Davis and Paul Henreid are reflected in Cairo’s pupils. *  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 2. The house is a massive white Greek Revival hidden in the * trees. A haunted place. A forgotten tomb in the woods. * Cairo shuts a glass door behind her. * We follow her down a long path overgrown with thorny plants * and dead leaves toward the porte corchere. Cairo walks through the pathless trees. Mist hangs low and blue over the ground. Kudzu vines creep over everything. Eventually, she breaks through the tree line. Ahead of her is a brick building surrounded by dilapidated sports fields. Cairo walks down the empty hallway of an old school that hasn’t been updated to the more industrial prison aesthetic of modern institutions. Cairo passes several wooden doors to different rooms, finally stopping at one at the end of the corridor. Soft classical wafts from the open door. SYMPHONY NO 6. in A Minor: 3 by MAHLER Thick oriental rugs over the floors. Lamps are used in place of overhead lights. Floor to ceiling bookshelves and portraits of famous artists cover the walls. Desks spread out in concentric circles around a large, mid-century wooden desk at the front of the room. A VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY banner hangs above a classic green chalkboard, on which is written MR. MILLER - CREATIVE WRITING in beautiful, cursive handwriting. Beneath that, a list of authors - Nabakov, Twain, DeSade, Vonnegut. Cairo chooses a seat in front and takes a stack of books from her bag, opening her library copy of James Joyce’s FINNEGANS WAKE. JONATHAN MILLER (elegant, warm, 30s) enters carrying a stack of freshly printed pages. He wears a uniform of camel and olive. He isn’t expecting a student this early in his class. She looks up. He considers her.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 5. He hands her the reading list for the semester. WINNIE BLACK (17) enters as she would her own home. Every space is hers. She sheds bags and coats and food and paper until finally she is revealed - glorious, fleshy, femme. She pauses after her performance to give Jon a once over.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 6. Winnie leans on Jonathan’s desk, facing Cairo. Jonathan writes the definitions for CENSORSHIP and SUPPRESSION on the chalkboard. Winnie smiles and spreads her legs wider for Cairo.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 7. Winnie sits on Cairo’s desk and her stomach growls, loud. She rubs her belly. Jonathan surveys the room and looks at the stack of books on Cairo’s desk. Finnegans Wake. The Paris Review. And UNDER THE ROOFS OF PARIS by Henry Miller. This surprises him. He takes the book and opens it. BORIS FILLMORE (30s, charming, smarter than he looks) enters with a pastry box and two coffees. Jonathan shuts the book. Boris sets his stuff on Cairo’s desk.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 9. He snatches the book from Jonathan and walks around the room, reciting. Jonathan follows him.  leaps onto the couch and pushes Boris grins. Jonathan snatches the book back from Boris and returns it to Cairo’s desk. Jonathan takes a muffin from the pastry box. Boris goes through Cairo’s bag. Boris holds a university press paperback with DDC numbers on the spine. Jonathan takes this book from Boris as well and returns it to Cairo’s desk.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 11. Boris finishes his coffee and free throws it into the trash. Boris backs out of the room as Cairo enters. They bump into one another. Boris mouths “split fig” behind Cairo’s back. Jonathan’s car pulls into the driveway of a modest craftsman home. He gets out and we follow him to a small enclosed backyard of unraked leaves. Off the side of the house is small, white shed. Kudzu curls over the top and around the sides in a slow, verdant smother. The space is small and well appointed. Rugs cover the rough hewn floor. Shelves of worn books stack to the ceiling. Jonathan sets his bag on a built-in desk beneath a small paned window - its view obscured by a veil of green tendrils. Several vintage liquors line the windowsill. He takes a look through them and, grinning, grabs a Pappy Van Winkle. Jonathan walks in with the bottle and a single low ball glass. Sitting at a table is his wife BEATRICE (30s, rapier wit, minimal empathy). She types furiously on her laptop, a corona of Chinese food cartons spread around her. He sits down at the table and, with a touch of ceremony, pours himself a glass and looks up expectantly at Beatrice. She doesn’t notice. He takes a savoring sip. She finally looks up at him. Notes the Pappy.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 13. He laughs. He grins. Her phone rings. She looks at it in dismay. The conversation is over. She answers the phone. We follow Jon through the hallway of his house toward the kitchen. It’s an older home with books and art and dead plants crammed into every available space. He stops at a bookshelf and pulls down a well worn copy of Apostrophes and Ampersands. He opens it to the inside cover, where a dedication reads: For Beatrice June Harker. Every last word. Jonathan puts some of the food cartons in the fridge and the others in the trash. Empty bottles of beer and literary magazines litter the counters. A record player sits on a table with another dead plant. He turns it on. SMOKES LIKE LIGHTNING by LIGHTNIN’ HOPKINS. His voice floats around the room like a ghost. He dances himself to a cabinet filled with liquor, chooses a bottle of Four Roses Bourbon and pours a couple fingers into a lowball glass. Beatrice comes to the doorway. He holds the partially filled glass out to her. He pours a bigger glass. She smiles and saunters in the room, a drunk python.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 15. He hands her the filled glass and kisses her neck. He unbuttons her blouse. She laughs. He picks her up in his arms and starts to slow dance her around the room, singing along. She wraps her legs around him and they make out in the middle of the kitchen. Her phone rings. Jonathan sighs into her neck. She kisses him on the nose and slides out of his arms.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 16. She walks back to the dining room, drink in hand, blouse unbuttoned. Jonathan adjusts himself in his trousers and turns to the sink. The sun is rising. Jonathan sits on the side of a brick building, smoking a cigarette. Boris sits down next to him with two coffees and a pastry box, which he opens to Jonathan. They cheer one another with a muffin. They both look out at the sun rising over the vine choked forest.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 17. As they watch, Cairo emerges from the forest like a wraith. She listens to headphones. From Cairo’s POV, Jonathan and Boris cut figures of Vladimir and Estragon against the backdrop of the old school. She can see their mouths moving, little puffs of air evaporating in front of them. She approaches. Boris squints, considering her. She takes one and bites into it.  WE’LL ALWAYS GO ON... Boris flips him a double bird as he walks away.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 20. Jonathan finishes his cigarette. LATER Boris walks down an almost empty hall, checking his phone, humming the Titanic theme song to himself. He walks right past Winnie Black, standing at her open locker. She drops a stack of books. Boris turns. He eyes her. She grins. Students and teachers begin to crowd the halls. Cairo watches Winnie and Boris from the shadow of a doorway. They could be any teacher talking to any student. Boris walks away from a blushing Winnie and Cairo goes to her. Winnie closes her locker and they move down the hallway. A group of baseball players walks toward them in the opposite direction. One of them whistles at Winnie. The other jocks laugh at Winnie’s retort and continue on their way. Cairo barely notices. This is old hat to her. They’ve come to the cafeteria. They turn and walk inside. Cairo sits at the front of a full classroom, listening to a student stumble through a piece of text. Jonathan watches her. She feels his gaze on her and turns, coolly and openly meeting his eyes a moment before turning back to the recitation. Class goes on and Cairo watches Jonathan speak in front of the class. His eyes don’t meet hers again. Winnie watches them both. At the end of class, he passes out graded papers. A sticky note attached to hers reads: See me after school? Class lets out and she and Winnie walk out the door together. Cairo shows her the note and then folds it into her pocket. We watch Cairo sitting in a series of different classrooms. She folds the note between her fingers as she listens. Jonathan is attempting to grade papers while simultaneously having a conversation with Boris, who sits on Cairo’s desk, eating a power bar. He tosses the rest of the bar out the open window. From below we hear student yell “the fuck?”  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 24. Boris Roger Rabbits out of the room. Once alone, Jonathan sings along to himself and resumes grading papers. He dances a little in his seat. He looks up and immediately stops mid-lyric. Cairo stands in the doorway watching him. She stifles a grin. He tries to be cool.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 25. As it burns. She smiles. They look at one another. Then he recites her work to her. From memory.  and also waits to be eaten. She laughs.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 28. Beat. She thinks a moment. She looks into his face. CU on the wrinkles of skin around his surprised smile. He looks at her beneath his lashes. Cairo sits in a clawfoot bathtub filled with pillows, reading the plastic sheathed library version of APOSTROPHE’S & AMPERSANDS. We look up at her from the page of the book. The text appears projected on her face. She recites his work aloud.  I stared until I was nothing but a  bleached bone monument beneath her, He stares at her, unsure what to say. He laughs. A moment passes between them - a silent thing that smiles and knows without question or answer.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 30. Winnie enters the room, dramatically dropping her bags to the floor. She’s got a thick painter’s portfolio under her arm, stuffed with loose canvasses. She drapes herself over a desk.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 31. Cairo grabs her things. They leave. Jonathan smiles to himself. Winnie’s car is filled with crumpled paper, used books, and candy wrappers. Almost every available space of the interior - the ceiling, the doors, the console - is covered in art and language - an ever evolving art piece by the two of them. Cairo sits cross-legged in the passenger seat, paintbrushes and more food wrappers beneath her. Winnie’s car pulls into a small country gas station. Winnie leaves the car running.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 32. The Jock is behind the counter - not nearly as cool out of uniform. Winnie goes to the refrigerator and grabs a vanilla Coke, then to the candy for a Zero bar and a bag of jerky. She sits everything on the counter. Outside of school, Winnie and the Jock are different with one another. Kinder. He starts ringing everything up. The jock grabs a pack of menthols and sets them on the  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 33. She does. He checks it and smiles at her. She sets a ten and a five on the counter. She leaves. Winnie drives and eats a candy bar. Cairo is doodling on the dashboard with a silver sharpie - a Henry Miller quote that reads:  Everything we deny serves to  defeat us in the end Beatrice, Jonathan and Boris sit at a table in the back of a family restaurant. An empty lowball glass sits in front of Beatrice, and various beers in front of Boris and Jonathan, who pick at chips in a basket. Winnie, wearing a her own very tight version of what the other waitresses are wearing, talks to the table.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 34. Her attitude doesn’t faze Winnie. She’s a pro.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 35. She goes back to the kitchen.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 36. They cheer each other with the remainder of their drinks. Jonathan makes a face.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 38. Jonathan is incredulous. She looks at him. She goes off to find the bathroom. The bedroom is a cavernous, Gothic wet dream. All dark blue and green velvet, black painted hardwood floors, dripping candles. Cairo is staring her laptop, smoking a cigarette and ashing into a coke can. Winnie lays on a plush king size bed eating a popsicle. Her tongue is purple. Her work uniform is crumpled on the floor. She’s in her underwear and an oversized tee shirt.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 40. Cairo smiles, just a little. Winnie drags Cairo to the mirror. She undoes her knotted hair and pulls Cairo’s sweatshirt tight against her form.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 43. Winnie and Cairo both appreciate her form in the mirror. It’s intimate. Winnie rests her head on Cairo’s shoulder and her arms around Cairo’s waist. The sky is bruise purple and fat with unlet rain. Cairo walks toward a large, gilded Victorian house. A sign out front says She walks up the front steps and into the house. Stained glass windows kaleidoscope a wide foyer aswarm with hipsters and academics. A long table is set with wine and snacks. Cairo walks over to it and takes a glass of red. A woman in a calico dress speaks to the group. This is SUZETTE (30s). The room politely giggles. Cairo moves into the parlor before anyone else and snags a low velvet loveseat in the back. A podium is set before a large fireplace and various chairs are smattered about the room. A baby grand is positioned in front of a bay window. Taper candles illuminate the room. And it begins to rain. People enter and take their seats. They all clearly know one another and Cairo observes their casual intimacy with casual detachment. She feels a presence behind her. A beautiful mouth leans to her ear and whispers. She turns to the familiar sound. Jonathan squats behind the couch, his face close to hers. His hair is wet. He smiles at her, all warmth and satisfaction glowing all over her. He flips his hair at her, spraying droplets on her face. She nods. He does. They are close on the small couch. A few people in front of them say hello to him. Suzette sits at the piano. The room falls silent. Suzette plays NOCTURNE NO. 2 in C MINOR by JOHN FIELD. Over the song, Cairo and Jonathan watch as various people approach the podium to speak. Both are visibly moved by whatever it is they’re hearing. Jonathan watches her...his eyes trace her eyelashes, her nose, the curve of her lips and neck. She turns to him then, eyes shining with emotion. They stare at one another the way one does a painting in a museum that resembles them - with the wonder of how someone knew their face three hundred years ago. The room erupts in applause and everyone stands but them. They are only what they are, there, on a couch together in a Two little ghosts in recognition. Heavy rain creates a cocoon of white noise. Jonathan and Cairo stand alone in a screened porch. They each have a glass of wine. They each are a little buzzed. Jonathan laughs, delighted. She lights a cigarette. She passes it to him. Trying on casual intimacy.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 47. They look at each other. Thunder crashes. Cairo turns to look out at the rain. Smoke haloes around her. Jonathan and Boris sit in their usual location. Jonathan smokes a cigarette. The sun is rising. Cairo sits in the passenger seat, holding a tray of three coffees in her lap. Her hair is down, her make up is done. She looks...adult. Cairo takes a deep breath. Cairo grins and gets out. Winnie rolls down her window to cat call her. Cairo rounds the corner of the building. She offers them the tray. Boris opens a white pastry box to her. Jonathan chokes on his coffee. Cairo stifles a grin. He thinks a moment. She throws up a hand for a high-five and he returns it. Cairo shrugs and smiles. Boris jumps up and down a little in the cold. Boris leaves. Jonathan opens his pack of Camels to her. She opens her pack to him. Jonathan is exiting the teacher’s lounge with a sludgy cup of coffee when his phone dings with a text from Beatrice: His face registers happy surprise. He responds: J: For real? B: Amy’s been fucking me long enough. Your turn. Hurry home. Jon is interrupted by the sound of high heels approaching. He looks up to see JOYCE MANNER, VICE PRINCIPAL (sharp, 50s). He blushes. School has let out and kids are shouting in the hallways, ready for the weekend. Cairo is putting books away in her locker. Winnie stands next to her, playing on her phone. The baseball player entourage walks past the girls. The JOCK smiles at Winnie. Winnie humps the air. The JOCK flips her off and continues on his way. Cairo shuts her locker. Winnie is on her phone by the door, keeping a watchful eye on the scene. Cairo enters the room. Jonathan packs his bag and shuts down his computer. He’s happy to see her, but hurried. She sets her things on her desk. Winnie’s in the door. It’s a dance for them to be alone together. He has all of his things in order. He comes around and sets his stuff on Cairo’s desk. They stand close. He raises an eyebrow at her.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 56. A moment of suspension passes between them - Cairo smiles and he returns it a moment before remembering himself. He gathers his stuff. He walks to the door, then stops. Winnie is still on the phone. He exits. Winnie drops her phone (that she wasn’t even on) and runs over to Cairo. Winnie hikes up her skirt and bends over Jonathan’s desk suggestively. She throws herself on the desk like a naughty school girl. Boris comes to the door but they don’t see him. Winnie slowly gets off the desk and pulls down her skirt. The action is not lost on Boris. Beat. Winnie takes a moment. He hands Winnie his phone. Cairo digs through her bag looking for her own. Winnie punches on his phone. Winnie hangs up and stuffs Boris’s phone in her bra. She starts to haul Cairo out of the room. She pulls his phone from her bra. She hands it to him and it shocks him. He smirks. Winnie and Cairo leave, arm in arm. Once out of ear shot: Suitcases are packed and ready to go by the back door. Jonathan reads ON WRITING by STEPHEN KING. Beatrice is on her phone. Beatrice walks away. Jonathan goes back to his book. The intro to POPPIN MY COLLAR by THREE 6 MAFIA emanates from his bag. He stares at it. It stops. It starts again. Jonathan sticks his hand inside and retrieves a cell phone. Cairo sits outside on a terrace overgrown with ivy and covered in leaves. A stack of books sit in front of her on a wrought iron table, where she has her feet propped. She talks on a house phone. Beatrice enters to pour herself another drink. Jon waves at Bea to get her attention.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 61. Beatrice pours four fingers of bourbon neat. A dark, shining beetle crawls across Cairo’s foot. The beetle makes its way up Cairo’s leg. Cairo looks up. Silver maples above her are turning their leaves up to the promising rain. Jonathan watches Beatrice down her entire glass of bourbon in one go. The wind picks up. Cairo’s long hair moves around her like a curtain. LOVER YOU SHOULD HAVE COME OVER by JEFF BUCKLEY Thick dark clouds hang low over the horizon. We pass massive estates on rolling acres. The houses are separated by thick groves of oak and magnolia. Cairo walks toward us down a dark, vast hallway of windows. Jonathan drives toward us, one arm out the window. The reflection of the storm on the windshield obscures our view of him. Thunder rolls. Rain drops smack against the books on the table. On top, is APOSTROPHES AND AMPERSANDS. We follow Cairo past enormous original Egon Schiele paintings. Her face is luminous. Not smiling exactly, but bright. Her fingers trail up the bannister. Her bare feet pad on the steps. Up and up she goes, past hallways of countless rooms. We follow her into her bedroom, then into her bathroom. Smooth walls into soaring ceilings. Clawfoot bathtub. Cathedral windows. She looks at herself in the mirror. Rain shadows streak down her face. She puts a little perfume behind her ears. Finger brushes through her hair. Jonathan’s car moves through the overgrown trees. As he comes upon it, we see Cairo’s house in full. Jonathan sits in the driveway, idling his car. He turns Cairo’s phone over in his hand. He looks up at her house. The view is blurred by rain. Her ghost stands at a second story window. Then it moves away. He opens the car door. Cairo opens the front door. The house is dark and vast behind her. Jonathan stands in the rain. A long moment passes between them - the curtain of rain the only thing separating them. Jonathan makes a decision. Without hesitation, Cairo steps off the porch into the rain. BLACK. Beatrice types at lightning speed on her laptop. She is surrounded by paper. A bourbon rocks sweats in a glass next to her. Jonathan is across from her, also on his laptop. CU on the screen - a blank word document with a blinking cursor. He stares at it. His beautiful hands hover above the keys. Slow motion rain waterfalls off the second story porch. Behind the water - a white form, a ghost. Jonathan looks up. Beatrice is staring daggers into him. Beatrice pinches her nose between her fingers. He blinks at her. He shuts his computer and gets up. She looks at him a moment before returning to her laptop. He leaves. Jonathan walks across the yard. A curtain of kudzu has grown across the door to his shed. He maneuvers under it to get inside. He doesn’t close the door behind him. Jonathan sits at his desk, pulls down a bottle of bourbon and pours himself a tall glass. Wet night sounds whisper through the open door. He looks at the blank document on his laptop. He closes his eyes. The rain slows and the ghost is revealed. Cairo looks different in his memory - still and shining, a penny wish in a fountain. He opens his eyes. Leaves crowd the window, hundreds of little peeping toms. A single vine has broken through the rotted wood of the sill. He reaches out a hand to touch it - thinks better of it, and pulls his hand away. He leans back in his chair. Jonathan looks at Cairo. She looks amused. She looks at his mouth. The sound of rain turns to white noise. We see them in profile. A suspended moment of her in the dry space and him in the wet. Then she crosses that barrier. She moves into the rain. Her hands reach for his face. Her lips press to his mouth. He gives, just a little. Just enough. She slides her tongue inside him. He closes his eyes. She doesn’t. DING. A chime pulls Jonathan from the memory. NEW MAIL. He reduces the document. His email is behind it - amid various promotions is a new message from SALTYSWEET@GMAIL.COM. He smiles. The subject title: FOR JONATHAN, LOVE CAIRO He opens it. Gold light within illuminates the little room, turning it bottle glass green against the vines. A jewel box in the overgrown yard. It begins to rain. BLACK. ADAGIO FOR STRINGS AND ORGAN IN G MINOR - RESPIGHI (SUITE III/ BOCCHERINI: QUINTETTINO) Cairo looks like Jonathan’s dream version of her, only all in black. Her hair is done. She wears makeup. She walks alone through the misty woods. A pink dawn glows above her. We follow her through the trees to the back of the school... Cairo breaks through the tree line. We follow her to the school, into... ...Jonathan’s room. It’s empty and dark. The clock ticks. She goes around the room turning on the lamps and then over to the window to watch the sun rise through the trees. Eventually, Jonathan enters and freezes. They stare at one another in the reflection of the window a moment before she turns to him, smiling. He walks to his desk and sits without saying hello. He pulls a stack of papers from his bag. She watches him but says nothing. He’s got his hand on her short story. He starts to say something. Stops. Reconsiders. He looks like he’s bracing for impact. She repeats the word back to him as though she’s never heard it.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 69. Beat. She stares at him a moment.  It’s layered. His mouth is sticky. Beat. They stare at each other.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 72. Cairo’s face shifts backwards on her skull. She moves toward him. A viper. His pupils dilate.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 73. She leaves. He watches her go. He is still. So still as to be inanimate. Then he stands and turns to the chalkboard. He raises the chalk, makes a short stroke - then presses his forehead to the board. Anguish shatters his face. His arm drops and the chalk streaks against it like the trail of a falling star. Sleepy students are starting to arrive. Cairo walks through an outside corridor, into the parking lot and out into the field behind the school, where she disappears back into the choked trees. Jonathan enters, exhausted. Beatrice is cross-legged on the couch, all of her electronics lit up in a corona around her. She wears pair high waisted knickers and a tee shirt. A sweating glass of bourbon rests between her legs. She looks up at him and smiles, buzzed. He sets his bag down and slumps in a chair next to the couch. A large window is behind him. She hands him her bourbon. He drinks it in one go. He looks at her. She can see he’s torn up about it. She unfolds her legs and moves closer to him. Her cheeks are liquor flushed. She engages fully. He’s reluctant. She’s expectant.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 75. Jonathan considers her - skeptical of her interest and starving for her attention. She crawls over the couch and onto his lap, surprising him. He reaches into his bag and retrieves the story. Hands it to her. She reads it right there in his lap, in his face. She settles herself into his lap. Jonathan looks over his wife as she reads. Her breasts beneath her shirt. The way her eyes shimmer over the words. His hands rest on her thighs. She moves forward on him, in approval. She smiles. Then she laughs. She’s enthralled. The quoted text appears on the screen as she recites. Beatrice looks at him like this is the cleverest punchline She whistles. She sets down the pages, looks into his eyes. She moves against him again. Encouraging him. His hands slide over her skin. She looks down at him through heavy lids as he speaks. Beatrice slowly presses herself into him until he is practically saying the words into her mouth. She grinds against him. He resists her. Torturing himself. She doesn’t. She intensifies. He’s losing focus. He pulls her tight against him. They grind into one another. They breathe together. He slips his hand inside her panties and she sucks in a breath of air. Through the window behind Jonathan, a pair of headlights illuminate the yard. She gasps again and cums against his fingers - she arches back and issues a hearty laughs. She kisses him. Reaches a hand to his cock and gives it a squeeze. Then she leans into his ear. He looks at her with anguish. The front door bangs open. Beatrice dismounts her husband and grins at him before walking into the foyer, just as she is. Shameless. Jonathan teeters on the edge of too many feelings. Cairo and Winnie sit on Cairo’s bed, passing back and forth an expensive bottle of vodka. She is. Winnie starts to draft a text to B_FILL. Winnie types the text and sends it. DING. B_FILL: I was just thinking about you. She does. DING. B_FILL: What are you doing? She types. DING. B_FILL: And what might that be? Winnie types. DING. B_FILL: What does that entail? They share a look. Cairo hops off the bed and walks to her wardrobe. Cairo undresses in front of Winnie. She puts on a lace bra and takes her hair down. Cairo gets back on the bed and faces Winnie. Winnie pulls off her shirt. Cairo scans her - making her feel self-conscious and aroused all together.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 81. Winnie bends at the waist. Winnie does, leaning in to the moment. Their bellies touch. Cairo sets the phone to face them, framing them in the shot. They kiss. Soft at first, then more urgent. Cairo snaps the picture and a flash bleaches them in white light. The kiss doesn’t end with the flash. Winnie’s hands are on Cairo’s back, in her hair. Cairo bites Winnie’s lip. Hard enough to force her to pull away. They stare at one another a moment. Cairo hands Winnie the phone. She does. Earlier that day: Cairo walks through students like a ghost, making her way to her locker. She grabs her things, among them an UNLABELED MANILA FOLDER, into which she stuffs a copy of her essay. Cairo drops the essay into an INBOX outside the door of JOYCE MANNER, ASST. PRINCIPAL’S office. Winnie stares at Cairo. Cairo digs through Winnie’s bag and pulls out the Muffin Men logo. Winnie grins at her. Beatrice and Boris sit in the kitchen. Cartons of fried food and several beer bottles are spread over the table. Beatrice and Boris are drunk-ish. They laugh. The phone rings. Beatrice gets up to answer it. Boris texts on his phone. Jonathan stares at himself in the mirror. He looks sick.  FLASH TO: Jon’s POV. Cairo sits on the desk across from him, laughing at something he’s said. Beatrice pops her head in.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 84. He watches her mouth move. She guffaws. He focuses on her tongue behind her teeth. He snaps to. He takes the phone and Beatrice leaves. He takes a breath. Beatrice sits on the couch with Boris, who finishes his text and puts his phone back in his pocket. He leans down to kiss her and she turns her head so he kisses her mouth. It’s a millisecond too long. Beat. He looks at her a moment longer and then leaves. Jonathan enters, visibly shaken. Beatrice swivels her head at him.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 86. She stands. Sways a little. She walks past him into the kitchen. He stares at nothing. Various people in work out gear run around a track surrounded by metal bleachers. Jonathan, also in running gear, sits alone watching the runners and smoking. He’s hungover. Boris enters the track and jogs over to him with a spring in his step. Boris pulls out his cellphone. He shows Jonathan a picture on his phone. Boris swipes to another picture, this one of Cairo and Winnie kissing. Jonathan launches the phone back at Boris. Cairo’s lips wrap around a cigarette. She laughs with it between her teeth. Cairo and Jonathan talk with Boris in the morning.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 91. Cairo smiles. What once was sweet is now sinister. Cairo brings a cigarette to her lips. Jonathan leans over Cairo’s desk to look over something she’s written. Their faces are close. Boris leaves Jonathan sitting on the bleachers. Morning light cuts into a vast and dark library through partially drawn velvet curtains on floor to ceiling windows. Shapes are hard to make out in the dimness of the room. Everything is still. Then, we see her. And only because she moves to light a cigarette. Cairo sits in the shadow of the window, looking out. Smoke billows above her. Jonathan sits at his desk, head in his hand as he grades with the other. The classroom is full, save for one desk in the front. Cairo’s. The class is watching GOOD MORNING, MISS DOVE. The bell rings and everyone leaves but Winnie. He looks up at her briefly, then back down at his papers. Jonathan’s pen hesitates, only a moment. He looks at her. Beat. He’s at a loss. So is she. His eyes flash with gentle accusation. They both look at one another. Desperation separates and unifies them. JOYCE MANNER, 40s, Assistant Principal at Benson High School, sits behind her desk. Her educational diplomas from Northwestern and a framed photo of her, her wife, and two teenage daughters hangs on the wall. INTERCUT between JONATHAN and JOYCE and CAIRO and JOYCE - two separate conversations that feel like one.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 96.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 97. Cairo leaves Joyce’s office. She’s not smiling. Not exactly. Jonathan walks into Winnie’s restaurant. Boris is already seated at the bar. Jonathan sits down next to him. Boris passes him a draught of beer. Jonathan takes a long pull of it. Boris holds up four fingers to the bartender. The bartender sets down two doubles. Boris looks at Jonathan. Jonathan’s face crumples. Boris squeezes his hand and lets Jonathan feel everything he’s feeling. Jonathan does his best to collect himself. Jonathan looks at him with bleary eyes. He’s tired. Lost. Jonathan tips the glass to his mouth and swallows the liquor in one go. Jonathan moves to pull out his wallet. Jonathan stands. Boris gets up and hugs him, tight. Jonathan leaves. Boris sits back down at the bar. Winnie comes over. Not giving a damn who sees, he puts his hand on her face. She looks at him. True tenderness exists between them. He drops his hand. She leaves. He takes a slow drink. Jonathan leans against the sink. Beatrice stands in the doorway. She’s drunk. He’s drowning. Beat.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 101. He can’t answer her. She sways into the room and walks right up to him, pressing her hips into his. She puts a hand on his face as though she might kiss him. She tilts her head up to him - their mouths almost touch. Then she smiles. It’s awful. He jerks away from her.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 102. He looks around at his kitchen. At his beautiful, cold wife. A ragged, raging annoyance washes over her face. She cuts him deep. He sucks in a sword of air through his teeth. They stare each other down. Truly looking into one another’s eyes for the first time in longer than either can remember. She laughs. She walks right past him and pours a drink. To the brim. She takes a long, slow gulp. He watches her.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 104. She saunters out of the bloodbath, leaving him alone and entirely defeated. Jonathan walks out of the house and faces the shed. The kudzu almost reaches the ground and covers most of the windows. Jonathan stares at it a moment, then, with his bare hands, begins to rip the vines away. They are tough and tear his skin. He cries and sweats and bleeds until it is all down. Then he goes inside and shuts the door. Cairo is sitting on her bed, leaning against the headboard, hand writing on a legal pad in red ink. She smokes and ashes into a coke can. Winnie enters without knocking. Cairo pays her no attention. Winnie stands there - mirroring them in a happier time. She’s upset, nervous.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 105. This hurts. Winnie is in uncharted waters. Cairo sets her notebook down and gives Winnie her full, withering attention. Winnie softens. Unsure what to believe. They stare at one another. It takes Winnie a second, but she connects the dots. Cairo lights another cigarette.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 107. She turns back to her legal pad. She is in profile against the headboard. We pull back to reveal the wall behind her - Jonathan, sitting at his desk in his shed. They lean against each other in different spaces and times. Close in on Jonathan reading Cairo’s short story. We look up at him from the computer and watch the text project onto his face and in the air around him. Slow close on the blue of his eye - in the reflection of his pupil we see the story playing out - the slow drizzle of rain and a dark haired girl standing at an open window. Closer and closer until we’re there... The dark haired girl looks out the window. Behind her, the room glows faintly with the soft diffused gray light of a rainy afternoon. The window is open and fat rain drops smack against the sill. We hear a car pull into the driveway. Rain splashes her hand. Her cell phone rings and she answers. Bold text appears on the screen, with a blinking cursor. Close on a water droplet landing on the white windowsill into... A drop of water from the running bath has landed on the page Jonathan is reading. He wipes at it and the ink runs. His face is unreadable. Jonathan blinks. When his eyes open, he stands before her in her bedroom. The text floats over what we see, a reenactment of the story. She puts a cigarette to her lips. The flame and Cairo are reflected in Jonathan’s pupils.  Salmon (mm/dd/yyyy) 109. He smiles.  around his mouth deepening into  lips into a punch line. Jonathan’s face fills the frame, looking right at us. He snatches her wrist and the cigarette falls to the floor, spewing ash and spark from its tip before being crushed with her shoe. Jonathan’s eyes scan the page. He shifts on the floor.  Mr. Murphy loomed over her, his  Cadillac-blue eyes hungry and CU on Jonathan as the dialogue spells itself out of his mouth. His face is close to Cairo’s. We don’t see their legs, but we see them shift.  Alice watched in slow motion as Mr.  Murphy’s tongue undulated when he ECU on Cairo’s sticky glossed lips separating in slow motion. CU on a large framed print of Virginia Woolf - the last portrait taken of her, smoking a cigarette. In the reflection of the glass, we watch Cairo lean over the book and bed. Jonathan stands behind her. A slender finger points to the page. Another moves up her leg. Jonathan slips his hand into his pajama pants. A spider crawls across a window sill.  his slender hand over hers and  center, pressing her fingers into Fingers move over white fabric. We watch what they describe. CU on Cairo’s mouth as she reads. CU on Jonathan’s mouth as he listens.  ass through her dress, pressed his Images of the real Cairo, Jonathan, Beatrice, Boris and Winnie begin to blend with what he sees. Jonathan’s hand is on her bare thigh. Cairo’s hands resting between her legs under her desk. Close on the back of Cairo’s neck and Jonathan’s open mouth Cairo’s hands grip the comforter. CU on a half-eaten muffin. An ant picks away pieces of it. Jonathan is masturbating in the bathroom. Blots of dark red ink drop onto a thick white page. Winnie, wearing no make up, uses a fine watercolor paintbrush to thin out the ink in a long slender stroke. The spider crawls onto the bed. Beatrice sucks a raw oyster out of its shell. CU on Beatrice’s hands as she uses Apostrophes & Ampersands as a coaster for her bourbon. Cairo watches Jonathan with his back to us, standing at a blackboard. She sits at her desk and scratches a raw mosquito bite on her ankle with her other foot. Cairo’s earring is tangled in her hair. Jonathan masturbates in the shower while Beatrice brushes her teeth at the sink.  behind, the width of his face  seam. Her cul was slick against his Jonathan presses Cairo’s bare shoulders onto the bed, his fingers splayed wide over her blades as her hair fans out above her. The muscles in her back shiver as he moves against her. The spider crawls across Cairo’s pillow. Boris and Winnie pass in the hall. Neither looks at the other. A pair of shoes under a bathroom stall, panties stretched around the ankles. Jonathan’s face against Cairo’s. Wide shot of the hotel room. Jonathan with his back to us against the frosted glass bathroom door. Beatrice sits in bed, typing. Separate worlds. CU on Cairo’s eye. Reflected in it is the spider, crawling across the sheets. Jonathan cums. He sits there a moment, the computer bright before him. He closes his eyes. THE LIGHTS IN THE SHED ARE SUDDENLY BRIGHT AND AUSTERE. He opens his eyes to... Jon sits alone on a bench outside. He lights a cigarette. Cairo walks toward him, her parents and Joyce in tow. She wears a skirt, sweater and keds, and looks terribly young. She waves to him. A slow, sad smile spreads across her face. Slow rise upward. Above the characters. Above the courthouse. Above the trees. Kudzu chokes everything. CAN’T NOBODY LOVE YOU by SOLOMON BURKE END.