A row of SCHOOLCHILDREN, wearing the school uniforms of an unfamiliar world, almost like tunics. Half the kids raise their hands at the teacher’s question. Their TEACHER is young, hardly 20, and a great storyteller. The kids blink back at her. One kid picks his nose. In a single frozen moment, decades ago, there stands a MAN. A man with piercing, intelligent eyes. OROCHIMARU. The man is performing deft, intricate hand gestures. In slow motion his hands make momentous sound, like crashing waves. Towering above him, a FOX MADE OF PURE FIRE RAVAGES THE CITY. The giant fox walks straight through Orochimaru, who smiles as if quenched by its flames, unharmed. It walks straight through Orochimaru... and tosses buildings together like toys. People scream and run.  ASSORTED KIDS The teacher’s gaze swish-pans to find NARUTO UZUMAKI, a 17- year old street kid, standing in her row of students. She’s mostly amused, not annoyed. The kids giggle. A soaring lineup: THE SHINOBI, each with a distinct ability: A slender one who commands a wave of spinning blades, A stout one with a giant fist that grows on command, One who ripples the earth with his breath, A warrior in his 40s who fights empty-handed with iron gauntlets up to his elbows, A one-eyed finesse killer with a kusari-fundo, a diabolical chain weapon that slices the air when he spins it, And at their helm, MINATO NAMIKAZI. A still-young leader with blond hair and straight posture, a true and genuine soldier of light. Minato lets out a whoop like a bird cry. When the fox swivels to face him, he performs three intricate hand gestures. DAGGERS OF LIGHT emanate from Minato, piercing the fox in the eye, the blades of light slicing the fox’s flaming fur. The fox obliterates the building Minato stands on with a swipe of its paw, but Minato leaps away, fast as lightning. Now, we get a good look at the OPEN SQUARE the kids are standing in, with a view of HOKAGE ROCK. Four faces are carved into the cliffside of Hokage Rock, like presidents. The newest face, on the far right, is MINATO. Back to the past: SARUTOBI, the bare-knuckle fighter in gauntlets, corners Orochimaru on a sidestreet. Orochimaru isn’t surprised to see Sarutobi. He makes a hand gesture and a pinwheel of wind slices the air. Sarutobi deflects with his gauntlet, and ATTACKS. A WILD FLURRY OF BLOWS. Both are master fighters. The fox BAYS AT THE MOON, angrier than ever. It crumbles the city’s aqueduct with its forepaws. The Shinobi retreat as the fox smashes buildings all around them, cutting them off from one another-- Minato dives behind the barricade and looks out. His eyes go wide. He sees a BOY of no more than seven, barefoot, carrying a YOUNGER BOY of no more than two, racing away from the fox. Just as Minato sees the boys, the fox sees them too, sighting down a sidestreet, and starts towards them. It’s like a WAVE OF FIRE is flooding the street. Minato throws daggers of light as he runs to the boys-- It’s not enough, he’s not going to make it-- And just then, the fox FREEZES. Minato looks back to see KUSHINA (Minato’s age, red hair). Kushina’s red hair is unbound, stuck to her face with sweat. She wears a Shinobi headband and a flak jacket hastily thrown on over a nightgown. Her closed fists SHAKE with effort, like she’s holding invisible chains. Her HANDS are keeping the fox in place. Minato hurries the little boys to safety. KAKASHI, the sly fighter with the kusari-fundo, arrives from above in a deft three-point landing. He sees Kushina’s hands, and the fox straining to move. The fox strains. The invisible chains groan. Minato and Kushina realize: The bonds won’t hold. They look at each other. They know what they must do. Minato’s sharp tone gets Kakashi’s attention, but then he says more gently: And Kakashi realizes: those are the last words he’ll ever hear Minato say. He bows and races off, following orders. And now, every step heavy with destiny, Minato comes to stand alongside Kushina. He looks up at the fox. When Kushina turns to face him, we see that she is CRYING. And with that, Minato performs a precise series of hand gestures, his final act of faith. And THE ENERGY OF THE FOX SEEMS TO FLOW INTO MINATO. Kushina YELLS IN FURY as she holds the fox’s chains-- Minato grows brighter and brighter with the fox’s fire, filling the frame with flames and thunderous sound-- The kids stand wide-eyed, overloaded with emotion. Naruto also stands wide-eyed, just like a little kid. After a second he says, reverently: Okay--now the teacher’s getting a LITTLE BIT annoyed. Naruto gives high fives to the kids, then runs off into... ...Konoha’s crowded MARKET DISTRICT. Stalls overflowing with bright fabric, tasty food, terrifying weapons. Overhead, hand-painted billboards, telephone poles and criss- crossing power wires create a mix of modern and mythical. The shoppers and sellers are diverse. People of all genders, predominantly East Asian, some black, white and brown. A crotchety vegetable seller barks at Naruto as he passes by. With a fingertip, Naruto topples a pyramid of squash and runs. A laid-back old FRUIT SELLER looks up from her newspaper. Naruto stops in his tracks. He heads for her fruit stand. Naruto holds up a freshly-stolen EXOTIC FRUIT to catch the sunlight... a fruit that doesn’t exist on earth. Nearby, two HEIRESSES sit on the edge of a fountain, surrounded by paper-bound parcels from their day of shopping. One of them tries on a new haori (finely-stitched overcoat). The other heiress notices Naruto’s exotic fruit as he passes. Naruto unfolds the haori. He instantly forgets the fruit. Naruto runs off with the haori. A street just for booksellers, like the one by the Seine. Naruto tries to blend in, but the man’s voice follows him: Two POLICE OFFICERS put down the books they were browsing. They’re both tall, athletic jocks, one male and one female, in uniforms like tactical samurai from the future. Naruto calculates his odds--and breaks into a run. The Female Officer wings a BOLA at Naruto’s feet (a chained weapon used to trip up fleeing perps). He jumps just in time. Naruto shouts over his shoulder as he runs: Now Naruto nimbly zig-zags through a row of trees. The officers race up either side of the row of trees-- But on one of his zig-zags, Naruto VANISHES. They spot Naruto PARKOURING ON BALCONIES. Naruto is shockingly agile at parkour, jumping between roofs and monkey-barring over balconies like it was nothing. He spots some kind of garden party on a huge outdoor terrace. Sudden quiet. A relaxed outdoor party for Konoha’s arty beatniks. They smoke strange cigarettes and watch as: A CALLIGRAPHER IN HER SEVENTIES paints calligraphy on a transparent silk screen stretched like a volleyball net. A MUSICIAN plays an ethereal electronic instrument, on the line between digital and analogue. And a PHOTOGRAPHER captures the performance with an elegant flashbulb camera. This scene will feel familiar to anyone who had the right kind of friends in the 1960s. Naruto skirts the edges of the outdoor terrace, comes to look over the photographer’s shoulder. The photos emerge from the camera and develop on the spot, colors blooming like watercolor. The photographer hands Naruto his camera. Naruto gives him the haori, to free up his hands. Naruto clicks the shutter, and the photo emerges. The photographer takes the photo, impressed... Naruto hands over the camera in exchange for the photo... ...and jumps the bannister, onto the next rooftop. It takes the photographer a second to realize he’s still holding the haori. Smack, Naruto’s feet hit the ground in a narrow alleyway. He stares, entranced, at photograph in his hands. And he runs RIGHT SMACK into a very large man. The photo whips away on the wind, lost forever. The man wears a Shinobi headband loosely around his neck, but it’s been defaced. He is some kind of FALLEN NINJA. Naruto looks: down the alleyway there’s a RED DOOR. A few women and men smoke outside the door, also in defaced Shinobi headbands. They gaze back with stony expressions. Naruto hears the footsteps of the approaching Female Officer. He says a silent prayer, and tells the Fallen Ninja: The Fallen throws him into a pile of trash and starts punching him, just as the Female Officer arrives. AND NOW: 1. The Officer drags the Fallen Ninja off of Naruto... 2. The Fallen Ninja wheels to face the Officer... 3. And Naruto is scot-free to make his escape. Naruto turns to go--but he can’t take his eyes off the fight. The Fallen Ninja makes precise hand gestures like the ones we’ve seen, only his look somehow VULGAR. IN SLOW MOTION: The GROUND CRACKS beneath the FEMALE OFFICER, but she jumps in time and fires her net gun at the Fallen. Naruto finally tears himself away, and scrambles onto... Another industrial alleyway, where he is cornered by: The Male Officer shoots his net gun at Naruto. Naruto dodges, and runs STRAIGHT TOWARDS THE OFFICER. Halfway between them there’s a dumpster full of defective aluminum cans. Naruto overturns it, and scrambles to the top, into a second floor window. It’s a FACTORY FLOOR. Big iron machines churn out identical cat-shaped cookies. Naruto bolts down the aisle, the Male Officer close behind. At the end of the aisle there’s a floor-to ceiling WINDOW that one of the workers has just, conveniently, opened. Naruto picks up speed. With a breath and a prayer, he JUMPS-- --across to the adjacent building, where he crashes through the window and stumbleskids to a stop. The Male Officer shouts from across the alleyway. Naruto JUMPS JUST IN TIME as the Male Officer wings his BOLA at Naruto’s feet. It misses, and winds around a column. Frustrated, the officer runs off to find a different route. But now Naruto unwinds the bola from the column. It’s gorgeous, hand-wrought iron, engraved with Konoha’s seal. Gazing at the bola is IRUKA UMINO (30s), a serious young man with a scar across his nose and a formal style of speech. Naruto smiles, and by God the boy is beautiful when he smiles. He nods to the shop owner, who comes over. Naruto is finishing his third ramen, empty bowls everywhere. Naruto imitates the hand gestures we’ve seen the Shinobi use. Iruka gently clasps his hands, stopping him. Iruka touches his chest, as if that’s where chakra resides. Then he shakes it off, as if he’s said too much. Naruto takes a deep breath and gets to the point: QUICK FLASHES OF: the faces in the marketplace--the police, the angry dad, the vegetable seller. Aggravated. Disdainful. Iruka stops. Deeply moved by Naruto’s pain. Naruto stops. He knows not to disrespect Iruka’s family. Naruto holds the door for his guardian. And now, to prove himself, Naruto TAKES A SWING at Iruka. With lightning speed, Iruka blocks it. Another swing, another elegant block. Now 50 RAPID FIRE SWINGS AND BLOCKS. Finally, each man looks at the other, and asks in unison: Iruka takes the bola from his satchel, places it in Naruto’s hands, and closes them. With that, Iruka walks away. Naruto is left alone, cupping the bola in his hands. A modest studio apartment in a low-rise apartment building. One shared room with two beds. Kitchen and bathroom right off of it. Split right down the middle: Naruto’s side is a complete mess and Iruka’s side is spotless. A tube TV plays a SOAPY DRAMA FEATURING A HANDSOME NINJA in the background... Iruka sleeps. Naruto stares at the ceiling, mind racing. With sudden impulsiveness, he leaps out of bed. Naruto pulls on his jacket. Thinks for a second. Grabs a scarf and wraps it around his face. His eyes land on a faded photo of YOUNG IRUKA AND HIS FAMILY. Next to that, a photo of Iruka and Naruto together. Naruto looks at the pictures. Looks over at Iruka, asleep. Then he takes a deep breath, and walks out. Naruto creeps in shadow down the alleyway with the RED DOOR. FROM A DISTANCE: Fallen Ninja congregate. Spitting, sparring. Naruto looks up to the rooftops. Naruto’s on the roof, looking down into a rainy COURTYARD, the interior of the Fallen compound. RECRUITS stand at attention as KIDOMARU, a Fallen Ninja, paces in front of them. Naruto climbs down to listen in. From ground level, Naruto can see that KIDOMARU HAS SIX ARMS. The recruits attempt a jutsu on a practice dummy. The dummy hops a little, but nothing more. Kidomaru’s breathing on the recruit’s cheek--VERY unsavory. He’s sloppier and drunker than any drill sergeant should be. Now Kidomaru whip-turns and does the jutsu himself-- And the WHOLE WORLD LURCHES with a stuttering, teeth-rattling buzz, like a wrench dropped in the machinery of the universe. It makes Naruto INSTANTLY PUKE. When he looks up, THE PRACTICE DUMMY is OFF-SET, its top section four inches off its bottom. An interruption in reality itself. You can imagine what that would do to a human. One of the recruits has a bloody nose and a few have thrown up, just like Naruto. Kidomaru laughs, dabs the nose blood. CLOSE ON: Kidomaru’s hands. The recruits’ hands, copying his, none of them quiet getting the hang of it. Naruto leans in for a closer look--and knocks a piece of scrap metal over. Instantly all eyes are on him. Naruto races out the courtyard’s only exit-- --taking him straight through the FALLEN WAREHOUSE. Fallen in facemasks operate giant assembly lines. What are they making here? Drugs? Explosives? Naruto runs outside-- --where he’s snatched up by the same Fallen from earlier. Kidomaru throws the door open, nearly snapping its hinges. Kidomaru smiles, and cracks ten of his thirty knuckles. The Fallen mob Naruto, twist his arm, cover his mouth-- Slippery as an eel, Naruto twists loose, runs-- Some of the younger Fallen follow the order, chasing him-- --and as he runs, he desperately imitates the jutsu he saw in the courtyard, aiming over his shoulder at his pursuers. He arrives at a GRAFFITI MURAL illustrating the Nine-Tailed Fox attack, lit bright with klieg lights. And he happens to lock eyes with the illustration of Minato. BWRG-K-K-K-K-K-K-K! This time when he does the jutsu, the world judders in that terrifying way--but TIMES A THOUSAND. Naruto’s KNOCKED off his feet. When he gets up, he sees that AN ENTIRE BUILDING HAS BEEN OFFSET, blocking the alleyway completely. Lights go on in the building. People come to the window. On the other side of the building, the Fallen STARE. Naruto has a moment to gape slack-jawed at the devastation-- Before he passes out cold. Back at the warehouse, the Fallen crowd around the windows. The ones who chased Naruto re-enter. Before anyone can answer, the big red door audibly CLICKS. Someone tries the door. It’s locked. Over the doorkeeper’s shoulder, in the grain of the door, we can see THE OUTLINE OF A HUMAN FORM. Now, the body steps away from the door. It looks as though the door itself is moving. Until he’s far enough away that we see a signature blue bandana around this man’s face. And he transforms back into his true form, comes into focus. He was using Ninja Camouflage Technique. It’s KAKASHI, his Shinobi headband slanting over one eye. He’s toughened up since we last saw him. In rapid succession, Kakashi proceeds to DROP ALL THE NINJA WE JUST MET. He breaks someone’s leg, traps someone’s hands in a machine. Most are not dead. None are going anywhere. Kakashi scans the room. One left. It is Kidomaru. Who does that “come at me” hand movement, with all 6 of his hands. Kakashi LEAPS at Kidomaru, and they start SPARRING. They are evenly matched, and it is brutal. Kidomaru FLIPS KAKASHI OVER A TABLE, breaking the table in two-- But Kakashi wraps his ankle around one leg of the broken table, toes it into his hand, and swivels to a fighting stance, with broken table legs in either hand, like hatchets. Kidomaru reconsiders his odds of winning this fight. Kidomaru throws a shuriken. Kakashi catches it--THWOCK--in table leg, and when he looks up, Kidomaru is gone. Kakashi runs to the window, peers outside... No sign of him. But there’s commotion and shouting a few blocks away. From black. Naruto’s on the ground. His eyes open. Down the block, the Konoha Fire department is on site, helping citizens out of the destroyed building. No one has noticed the teenager collapsed in the shadows. Except Kakashi. Kakashi’s face slides into Naruto’s POV: And with that, Naruto passes out again. Kakashi stands over the boy, troubled. Looks at the building. AND NOW, HE NOTICES A SIGIL ON NARUTO’S BELLY. A whorl around his bellybutton, glowing through his clothes. Kakashi sets his jaw. He hoists Naruto over his shoulder. Even carrying Naruto, Kakashi easily sprints over rooftops, disappearing into the city as we tilt up to see the stars. Naruto’s eyes open. He’s in bed, at home. He hears voices. Iruka comes in from the kitchen. Kakashi leans in the doorway, headband at its rakish angle. He has a heavy-lidded gaze and relaxed, almost bored manner. Kakashi walks away. Iruka looks grim. Naruto looks worried. The stunning, tree-lined approach to Hokage Tower, which soars into the sky. Shinobi sentinels flank the path. Naruto walks between Kakashi and Iruka, chastened and scared. Naruto sits between Kakashi and Iruka in the waiting room to the Hokage’s office. Civil servants in ceremonial uniform bustle in and out with stacks of paperwork. Then the door opens, and HOKAGE SARUTOBI steps out, now a powerful man in his sixties, ceremonial Omoni on his head. The men leap to their feet and bow. Sarutobi bows appropriately, then looks Naruto up and down. Iruka smacks Naruto. Naruto bows. There’s a half-second pause, which Naruto seizes. Naruto freezes mid-sentence. The grown-ups enter Sarutobi’s office. They stand behind a big glass picture window. Naruto sneaks up to the window... But Sarutobi spots him. He performs a series of hand gestures Naruto finds himself in a Zen garden on a perfect day. Iruka and Kakashi stand respectfully before Sarutobi. Sarutobi looks to Iruka to confirm. Sarutobi deflates. The weight of this news is great. The six-armed Kidomaru limps into A BAR and slams the door. Sunlight filters through the shuttered windows of the bar. Kidomaru’s clutching a wound he got from Kakashi. Swoop back to reveal the bar’s PATRONS--thirty Fallen Ninja, drinking the day away. TAYUYA (auburn hair, 40s) shoots a BLOW-DART AT A RAT, killing it instantly. The bartender smiles weakly, afraid it’ll be him next time. This is not a good place. The three men sit with this uncomfortable truth. Iruka freezes where he stands. Iruka doesn’t like the sound of that ellipsis. Sarutobi nods. It’s decided. Naruto sits by a pond, feeding a little duck. Naruto, in the Lord Hokage’s anteroom, on his hands and knees, feeding an imaginary duck. He looks up, to see Sarutobi, Iruka and Kakashi standing above him: Despite the grim situation, Iruka can’t help but smile. The grown-ups glance at each other, like this is uncomfortably spot-on in a way Naruto doesn’t understand. Now, 3 NINJA in regalia enter, to escort Naruto to school. Iruka doesn’t quite know what to say: They stare at each other. Each unable, or unwilling, to say how they feel in this moment. A beat. And for a moment, it almost looks like Naruto is going to tear up. Iruka sees a wisp of ORANGE ENERGY pulse from within him. His eyes FLASH RED. Iruka looks at him, concerned. And just as quickly, that foxfire disappears. ...Naruto walks off, never looking back. Iruka stares after the boy. Sarutobi puts his arm on his shoulder. The three guards escort Naruto to THE GATES OF THE ACADEMY. The gates are three stories tall, a marvel of engineering. It takes four GATE SENTINELS to open them, with two big wheels on either side. The gates open to reveal... ...the sprawling Academy campus. Trees, paths, temples. All around, students spar, perform drills, hurry to class. HEADMISTRESS KURENAI YUHI is 40+, tough but fair. Leaning against a nearby wall and talking to her friends is SAKURA HARUNO (Naruto’s age, pink hair). She nods to her friends and trots over to Yuhi, standing at attention with near-military formality. Seeing Sakura’s perfect posture makes Naruto unconsciously adjust his own, trying to look taller and stronger. He has obviously formed an instantaneous crush on Sakura.  Sakura is a model student. Sakura looks Naruto up and down. Sakura and Naruto walk across campus. Sakura lets out a laugh. Sakura begins her speech, by rote: She stops in her tracks, offended. Ino, a girl with a cocky attitude, has been playing catch nearby with a chakra ball. Now, Ino wings the chakra ball at Sakura’s head. Lightning-fast, Sakura does a jutsu that slices the ball in two halves that snuff out of existence. It’s AWESOME. Ino’s a little embarrassed, but covers it with swagger. They walk on. Naruto is even more smitten with Sakura. But Sakura still gives Ino the death stare as they walk on. FLASH: Naruto gets his picture taken, throwing up the peace sign and sticking his tongue out. Sakura groans. Now, an ADMINISTRATOR drops a GIANT PILE OF BOOKS into Naruto’s lap. Naruto and Sakura pass a figure silhouetted against the sky. We see him in CLOSEUP: Gazing into the distance like he’s in an old Western. Flowing black hair, piercing blue eyes. This is SASUKE UCHIHA. Sakura nervously smoothes her hair and keeps walking. Naruto gives Sasuke the stink eye as they walk on, a rivalry forming already. Now A BELL IN A CLOCK TOWER CHIMES SEVERAL TIMES. KABUTO YAKUSHI (30s), a baby-faced instructor with prematurely silver hair and glasses, erases the board. Naruto gazes dreamily at Sakura, impressed by her knowledge. Meanwhile Sakura glances shyly at Sasuke, exhilarated that they both knew the answer. And Sasuke stares into the middle distance, looking handsome. Kabuto performs a jutsu... which forces Naruto to sit PERFECTLY, UNCOMFORTABLY STRAIGHT. HINATA, a student so gentle and hesitant she might be mistaken for an underwater anemone, steps to the front. She performs a jutsu and SUDDENLY THERE ARE TWO OF HER. Naruto’s jaw drops. Naruto does the jutsu... and conjures a SPIKY-HAIRED, FREAKISH RAGDOLL VERSION OF HIMSELF! It sprawls, limply. Naruto stands in front of a LUNCH LADY, who doles out some noodles. And now, he turns, looks around nervously. THE LUNCH ROOM: various cliques, laughing, talking, etc. Everyone seems to be paired up with someone else. He gulps. Meanwhile, Sakura clicks her tray down next to Sasuke. Sasuke is studying from an illustrated tome of jutsu. Sakura sits there. Sasuke doesn’t say anything else. She picks up her tray to change seats....  ...and BAM, crashes right into... ...thus spilling her entire lunch on her outfit. Sasuke notices with annoyance that some errant drops of lunch have landed on his manuscript. He brushes them off and gets up to leave, bumping Naruto in the shoulder as he passes. Sasuke turns on his heels and performs a quick, one-handed wind release jutsu. The blast of air gets most of the food off Sakura’s dress and significantly rearranges Naruto’s hair. Naruto angrily re-musses his hair to make it stand up again. The room goes quiet at Naruto’s over-loud voice. Sasuke looks at Naruto for a long moment... then stalks out of the room. Naruto looks around. Everyone is staring at him like HE’S the jerk. Especially the girls. And especially especially, Sakura. She storms off. Naruto sits. His juice box has upended into his ramen. He plucks it out and dries it off. Sitting nearby is Shikamaru, a genial wiseass. A RESIDENT ADVISOR guides a bruised Naruto to his room. On a placard outside the door, 4 names: Choji Akimishi, Kiba Inusuka, Shino Aburame-- and Rando Tabata, (crossed out). Naruto enters. The other kids are studying. Naruto groans as he sits on his bed, rubs his sore knee. He’s bunkmates with Choji, a heavy kid with a low-affect style of speech, maybe not neurotypical. (We saw Choji’s dad fight the Nine-Tailed Fox--the warrior with the giant fist.) Having failed yet again to make a new friend, Naruto sighs and cracks open a book. Later. Naruto’s light is the only one still on. He’s studying. Everyone else is asleep. Naruto closes his book, turns the light off, closes his eyes, tries to sleep. But quickly, his eyes open again. This kid, who’s felt alone a whole lot in his life, has never felt so alone. He rolls over in bed to look out at the sky. The pale window of the dormitory glows against the sky... And a HOODED FIGURE briskly walks past. We can see who it is now: Kabuto Yakushi, the instructor who called Naruto a worm. He passes by the OCCUPIED BAR, that same bar Kidomaru stumbled into after Kakashi wrecked him. A throng of drunk Fallens loiter outside. For a second, Kabuto copies the Fallens’ mannerisms, blending in perfectly as he weaves though the crowd. As soon as Kabuto’s clear of the Fallens, the grin drops off his face. The man’s a survivor. Built to blend in. Kabuto sits in an imposing room. He’s startled by a sound. A WOMAN shuffles in, barefoot, in a plain smock that a patient might wear in a Victorian hospital. She sounds unwell, or not in full control of her mind. A door opens in the opposite wall, and a man enters: OROCHIMARU. The man who unleashed the Nine-Tailed fox. Kabuto leaps out of his chair, nervous and respectful. For a second, the men regard each other. Then Orochimaru opens his arms. Orochimaru comes over and musses Kabuto’s hair. He’s possessive and affection with Kabuto, who is nervous and submissive with him--a clear and stark power imbalance. Kabuto eats a hot meal in Orochimaru’s study. Orochimaru looks out on the Konoha cityscape. Kabuto looks out at the cityscape, at the Academy. Orochimaru takes a STUDENT ROSTER off his desk. Kabuto sets his meal aside and hurries after Orochimaru. Kabuto follows Orochimaru through an underground lab. They pass a vivisected cow. Kabuto looks a little ill. They round the corner to see an OPERATING TABLE...  ... with a TEENAGE BOY strapped to it. Kabuto turns to leave, but Orochimaru catches his arm. And he starts to do a jutsu that Kabuto has never seen. The teenage boy WRITHES in agony as some ineffable energy is leeched from his body, sucked up by Orochimaru. And Kabuto looks at Orochimaru, until the screams end. He can’t bring himself to look at the poor boy’s body. Orochimaru’s LEFT HAND is still outstretched from stealing the teenager’s life force. He looks...refreshed. An now, he takes a big gulp of water, wipes his face with his upper sleeve, holds out his RIGHT HAND-- And RELEASES THE STOLEN CHAKRA IN A FLAMING BLAST, completely incinerating the boy’s body and charring half of the lab. And with those words, we soar back to the ACADMEY GROUNDS... ...to find NARUTO, outside late at night, practicing jutsu. Relentless. Dedicated. Again and again. He pounds the ground with anger. Curiously, IT CATCHES FIRE. And a halo of foxfire seems to cloak his whole body. Then, just as quickly, it disappears. ANGLE ON Minato’s statue. His stony gaze stares back. Pounding drums intensify, until we CUT TO BLACK. Naruto sits with Iruka, eating, quiet. Tension between them. A long beat. Naruto sips his ramen. A long beat. Before our eyes, Naruto rallies, his native optimism rising. Instructor Asuma stands with a whistle, facing a group of STUDENTS who are lined up and serious AF. Among them, Naruto. Naruto glances at Sasuke, not taking Iruka’s words to heart. In unison, they reply: Sasuke bursts out of the starting gate, crawls under barbed wire, leaps through tires, runs across a balance beam. Naruto runs close behind. Holding his own. Sasuke arrives at a wall. He scrambles up it with cat-like agility. So does Naruto. He closes in. They are side by side now. Looking at each other as they hurtle forward. Rivals. They reach water. Sasuke performs a jutsu and leaps across the divide. He jumps like 100 feet. Naruto freezes in his tracks, looks ahead. He tries to jump, but he barely makes it to the middle of the water. Undaunted, he starts to swim. PAN OVER to Sarutobi and Instructor Asuma, who watch him: Sarutobi watches as SAKURA swims past Naruto--she’s a powerful swimmer, since she always has to swim this part. Naruto redoubles his efforts, trying to catch up to Sakura... and an aura of red chakra appears around him. Other students start to shout and vacate the water. Sarutobi strides to the edge of the water and touches it. It’s hot. Naruto heaves onto the shore and looks around. Everyone’s staring at him. Sarutobi’s brow knits with concern. Kakashi stands with Sarutobi. The entire school, assembled. Headmistress Kurenai speaks.  does the whole team. Instructor Asuma steps to the podium. ANGLE ON Kakashi, out of place amongst the faculty. Later. A few teams left to go. And now: Sakura smiles, knowing she’s on Sasuke’s team. Until... Both Sakura and Sasuke’s faces fall. Naruto lights up. Kiba, Hinata and Shino gather with Headmistress Kurenai. Kakashi moves to his team. Into leans over to high five Choji, delighted. Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura sit on a bench, facing their coach. Naruto’s eyes close. He thinks. And... Suddenly, Naruto turns into a BEAUTIFUL, SCANTILY-CLAD WOMAN. Everyone stares at him.  middle of a fight, if a pretty girl  comes up and says “hiiiii, boys.” Naruto reverts to his normal form. The kids stand in formation in the Trial Arena. ANKO MITARASHI strides to the front. She has a throaty voice and dresses like she’s in the Matrix. Very eccentric. Naruto turns to his other side--Sasuke. No point asking him. Sakura and Sasuke look at each other, then Naruto. He smiles at them, gives them the thumbs up. VFX OVERLAY: a map, illustrating the Trial Arena and the various traps within. A dotted line animates to the center. Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura stand together within a circle outlined on the ground in chalk. Above them, concrete walls 30 feet high. It is quiet. Sasuke grips a scroll tightly in his hand. And now, a FLARE SHOOTS UP INTO THE SKY. And Naruto BURSTS OUT OF THE GATE, running. MEANWHILE... Team 10 jogs in flank formation through the obstacle course. They step to the edge of a cliff. Beneath them, a huge gap. Shikamaru leaps over. Ino tosses the scroll to him. She leaps over as well. Choji looks down. Shikamaru and Ino join hands and use their free hands to execute a double jutsu, throwing a ROPE OF ENERGY across the valley to Choji. They pull him across. They’re working as a team. A long echoey corridor, shrouded in darkness. Ino whispers. A voice from behind them: They whip around to see a BEAUTIFUL, SCANTILY CLAD WOMAN. They are... confused. They stand there for a long moment. Interestingly, Ino is the only one having the expected glassy- eyed “hubba hubba” response. With that, Sexy Naruto snatches a SCROLL FROM SHIKAMARU! He reverts to his regular form, and runs out of the cave! MEANWHILE... Sasuke and Sakura move through the forest, scanning. They hear some commotion. They come upon ANOTHER STUDENT: Sasuke and Sakura look at each other. They take off into the woods, running as fast as they can. MEANWHILE... Naruto hauls ass, everyone is in pursuit. Sasuke appears alongside him. Holding Team 7’s scroll. Naruto SWIPES the scroll from his own teammate, accelerates. A furious Sasuke runs behind Naruto. Now, Sakura joins them:  SELFISH DICK! YOU’RE GONNA BLOW IT! Sasuke does, reluctantly. He turns, sees Choji turn into a GIANT BALL, that ROLLS TOWARD THEM BOTH. Sasuke turns, stops, performs some hand gestures: He BLOWS FIRE at Choji, who rolls to evade and hits a tree. Sasuke turns around, a little winded. He sees Naruto heading toward the central tower. ANGLE ON NARUTO. SFX: in his head, he hears cheering. The crowd chanting his name. This is his moment. His time... ANGLE ON KAKASHI. Watching from the stands arena. Next to him, the rest of the faculty, including Sarutobi and Kabuto. ANGLE ON NARUTO. Running. Beatific smile on his face. This is it! He’s gonna be the hero! Then he sees SHIKAMARU running alongside him. They run onto a flat surface and now, their SHADOWS are visible, stretching out in front of them, overlapping. Now their shadows overlap and COMBINE INTO ONE. Now, Shikamaru TOSSES HIS SCROLL over his shoulder, where it’s caught by INO. His shadow (and Naruto’s) does the same. Simultaneously and through no will of his own, Naruto tosses HIS scroll over HIS shoulder, where it’s caught by CHOJI. NARUTO’S POV: Everyone is laughing at him. Except Sasuke and Sakura, who glare. He runs to catch up, but it’s too late. Because Shikamaru, Choji, and Ino are headed to the end zone, passing, eluding defenders, and finally scoring. They hold the scrolls aloft, hug each other. Heroes. Naruto’s eyes glow red. And that halo of foxfire surrounds him. It happens quickly. So quickly no one on the field even notices. Their eyes are trained on Team 10. But from high atop the field, Sarutobi sees. As does Kakashi. He closes his eyes, troubled. Naruto walks away, hears Sasuke say to Sakura: Naruto, wearing headphones, lies in bed with his eyes open. Dejected. Alone. And now, the door swings open. A SILHOUETTE APPEARS in his doorway. Naruto leaps into the fighting stance. The darkened figure SWEEPS HIS LEG, throws him to the ground, stands above him: Sasuke and Sakura, bleary-eyed, stand at the gates of the Academy. Kakashi exits, holding Naruto by the scruff. But Kakashi’s already walking away. The crew moves across rolling hills, in flaring sun. The crew trudges along, tired. They walk. The kids walk, dejected. No one talks. They just push on. Until Kakashi stops at the river’s edge. A long beat. Silence. Everyone just looks at each other. Our team stands at the shore of a RUSHING RIVER. Without preamble, Kakashi begins, his back to them: ANGLE ON Naruto, who has no idea what the fuck Kakashi is talking about. But he watches, in awe, as Kakashi steps onto the rushing river and WALKS ON WATER. They stand there, staring at Kakashi in awe. Team 7 jumps into the river, swimming out to the middle. Fighting against the current. Kakashi looks up. Sasuke is already walking on water. Sakura splashes water at Sasuke. Naruto bobs up and down in the water. Sakura struggles to rise on the water, competing with Naruto. Sakura closes her eyes, and almost gives up. And in giving up, she starts to float. Wobbling against the rushing water. Balancing on the surface, Sakura gets a mischievous look. She splashes Sasuke again. This time, Sasuke smiles, and splashes back. Flirting. Poor Naruto’s still treading water. But now Sakura HEARS SOMETHING. They look downstream to see a MASSIVE WATERFALL. They turn to find Kakashi standing on the shore: He watches impassively as they drift away on the current. For a second Sakura STARES at Sasuke, outraged to be included. Then she STARTS WAILING ON NARUTO. ...And with that they go over the falls, disappearing into the roar of pounding water and boulders below. Sasuke, Sakura, and Naruto drag themselves up onto the river bank, half-drowned and exhausted, bleeding from numerous scrapes and cuts. Kakashi sits under a tree nearby, reading a novel called “Savage Lust”, which features a hot Ninja couple on the cover, making out. Sasuke looks disdainfully at his teammates. The sun sets as they trudge up a challenging trail. Sakura walks faster to catch up to Kakashi. They trudge on. Kakashi realizes she’s waiting for an answer. Sakura looks back at Naruto and Sasuke, her mind working. A WILD BOAR runs through dense brush, and now, from nowhere A BLADE LACED WITH ENERGY SLICES THROUGH IT. The boar falls the ground, dead. Kakashi walks to it, grabs it by the legs. REVEAL the kids, looking on in horror. A fire roars. On a spit, a pig picked to the bone. And Kakashi, picking his teeth and reading “Savage Lust”. Naruto is the first to return. Naruto slumps. Soon after, Sakura and Sasuke arrive. Sasuke walks straight through their camp and sits in a moonlit clearing to meditate. Before Kakashi finishes the sentence, Naruto JUMPS at him. Kakashi blocks him and Naruto rolls into the fire, knocking over the pig on a stick and sending embers up into the dusk. This gets Sasuke’s attention. Now, they all start to pay attention. Sasuke and Sakura make eye contact. They both begin to circle Kakashi. He backs up. They move toward him in a line, and charge... THEY ARE IMMEDIATELY HOOKED INTO 2 NETS AND HOISTED HIGH ABOVE THE JUNGLE. He dusts the soot off himself, and charges Kakashi, dodging the area that got Sakura and Sasuke caught. To his surprise, he gets right up to him. Kakashi is still reading the book. Naruto swipes for it. Without taking his eyes off the book, Kakashi simply pushes Naruto--who wobbles a few steps back, FALLS INTO THE TRAP AND IS HOISTED INTO A TREE. They all three hang upside down. Naruto looks away, refusing to make eye contact with the others, who glare at him. And with that, Kakashi disappears. As Team 7 attempts to extricate themselves from the trap. Darkness. Naruto sleeps peacefully in the trap.  HOW IS HE SLEEPING. Sakura looks at Naruto, blissfully sleeping like a child. Now she studies Sasuke’s face, turned away, unreadable. Sasuke doesn’t respond. Sasuke still doesn’t respond. She stops herself, and we watch her have a small but important personal revelation. Awkwardly, she scoots in the trap, turning away from him. Sasuke looks... surprised. He tries to form words, but none come. He stares into the night, alone with his thoughts. Their eyes open to the sound of a rope being sliced. They all fall to the ground. Naruto pops to his feet. Sakura groans and slumps on the ground. It’s going to be a long day. LESSON TIME. Kakashi walks to a tree. And WALKS STRAIGHT UP IT! Defying gravity. They each walk to the base of the tree. Naruto and Sasuke lock eyes, competitive. They START: Each is able to run about four steps up the tree, but Naruto comes unstuck and Sasuke SPLINTERS THE TREE BARK WITH HIS FEET, his blazing chakra severing the connection. They try again. Naruto hugs the tree and tries to climb using his legs... It’s ridiculous. Now Sasuke climbs OVER Naruto, burning him with chakra. She is SITTING ON A TREE BRANCH HIGH ABOVE THEM. Naruto looks up, angry. He tries again. But he still can’t do it. His eyes flash with red. And he does the FORBIDDEN JUTSU he learned from Kidomaru. BWWRRRRKKK the pressure-wave of wrongness hits Sasuke in the back of the head-- SLOW MOTION AS: Sasuke, dazed, lifts his eyes to see SAKURA, falling. He lurches forward and CATCHES HER IN HIS ARMS. The tree trunk is OFFSET, the top no longer lining up with the bottom, and the whole tree creaks and FALLS in a cloud of disturbed sparrows. Sakura finds herself in Sasuke’s arms. He sets her on her feet, and pukes. Sakura stares in horror at Naruto. Naruto steps on the topmost branch of the felled tree. Kakashi’s eyes narrow with anger. He moves toward Naruto, grabs him by the scruff, takes him into the woods, and... EXT. DEEPER WOODS - CONTINUOUS ...throws him against a tree. Kakashi looks at Naruto... and a realization washes over him. He releases Naruto. His sudden calm is scarier than anything. He storms off. Naruto stares after him. Dinnertime. Kakashi is sitting far from the students. Naruto watches Kakashi, wondering how much trouble he’s in. He looks over to meet Sasuke’s eye--Sasuke is PISSED. They’re distracted by a loud GROAN. It’s Sakura, eating the barbecued rabbit she earned as the first to climb the tree. She notices them noticing. Naruto takes a deep breath and half-mumbles the words: Sakura takes that in. She clocks Kakashi--he’s not looking. She holds out a leg of rabbit. Naruto nods, grabs it on the DL. He closes his eyes in ecstasy, mouths: Now she offers Sasuke a piece. Bright day. Kakashi, incongruously, SINGS TO HIMSELF as he guides the kids on a short walk. They glance at each other. They arrive at a clearing.... Where SARUTOBI sits on a stump. A crane takes flight as the great leader rises to greet them. The kids, wide-eyed, bow and stutter their “Lord Hokage”s. Sarutobi performs a jutsu that blows all the dry leaves away, exposing stumps and logs for them to sit down on. They gather around him in a sort of forest counsel. Everyone is chastened. Sarutobi takes in their surroundings. Naruto looks between Kakashi and Sarutobi. Was that it? Naruto doesn’t say anything for a really long time. Sakura covers her mouth. Kakashi looks at the ground. Sarutobi nods. LITTLE KUSHINA is led by a group of adults in ceremonial attire, towards some kind of temple. She spots a little blonde boy in the crowd: LITTLE MINATO. She breaks the grip of the adult leading her. The thought gives Naruto SOME kind of comfort. Little Minato watches Little Kushina, filled with empathy. He looks up to ask his dad: Minato and Kushina grow alongside each other, train alongside each other, fall in love. Leading us to... ...the night of the Nine-Tails attack. Kushina strides towards the fox in her hastily-donned ninja attire, sees her husband racing towards the two little boys. This time we see Kushina perform the binding jutsu in full: a circular motion in her hands, circling and winding tight. The fox freezes where it stands. The invisible chains groan. Now Kushina’s dishevelment makes sense, as do Minato’s words: Minato and Kushina realize: The bonds won’t hold. And now, every step heavy with destiny, Minato comes to stand alongside Kushina. He looks up at the fox. Minato performs his last jutsu, that last act of faith, and THE ENERGY OF THE FOX SEEMS TO FLOW INTO HIM. Kushina YELLS IN FURY as she holds the fox’s chains-- The frame fills with fire and sound but we KEEP WATCHING: With its white yin energy drained, the fox is now deeper red, even more rageful-- Kushina DROPS the fox’s chains and they both RUN. Kushina and Minato CHARGE into a maternity cabin--the room where Naruto was born. And BABY NARUTO is there. Kushina cradles her baby, kisses his head, looks in his eyes. He’s crying, but he settles when he sees her face. And the cabin shakes as the fox comes towards them. Kushina performs her final jutsu, and the fox’s yang energy starts flowing into Naruto. The fox can FEEL ITS ENERGY BEING STOLEN. It begins to UNRAVEL, losing shape and integrity, flames spilling everywhere. It FALLS over on its flank, crushing buildings, in agony. It is DYING. And it’s searching for whoever is killing it. Inside the cabin, Kushina’s still doing the jutsu, and baby Naruto’s belly starts to GLOW. Naruto looks down. The sigil on his belly. The fox finally locates the thing that is robbing its energy-- --and its CLAW CRASHES THROUGH THE ROOF OF THE CABIN. Minato and Kushina shield Naruto with their bodies as the fox’s mighty claw impales them. Naruto jumps to his feet. He wants to be anywhere else. Naruto closes his eyes. This pains him. Sarutobi waves Kakashi off, and Naruto darts away into the trees. Sasuke and Sakura reel. Naruto leaps from building to building with determination... He slows as he passes that GRAPHITTI MURAL OF THE FOX ATTACK. He sees Minato. And Kushina. And the NINE-TAILED FOX. They are shielding the city with their bodies, dying in fire. Naruto lifts his shirt, puts his hand on his belly. He looks back up at the mural. He is the fox, and the fox is killing his parents. Iruka watches a talk show on TV (a Johnny Carson-esque host interviews a Ninja). Now, his door opens. Revealing Naruto. Naruto does. Iruka looks down. A long beat. Iruka looks away. It’s the first time Naruto has ever heard an adult admit fault. He softens. Naruto looks out at the setting sun from the balcony outside his old bedroom. He scarfs down ramen. Iruka sits in his chair, watching an old wild west show with a ninja cowboy. Naruto takes this in. It’s A LOT. Back at camp, Kakashi, Sakura and Sasuke eat rabbit. Kakashi pauses, takes that in. It isn’t quiet in a good way. Later. Sasuke meditates in moonlight, but his mind wanders. The briefest of memories: one little boy carrying another, running barefoot as the Nine-Tailed Fox attacks. Was Sasuke one of those two boys? Commotion from the campfire breaks Sasuke’s train of thought. Sasuke comes back to camp to see Naruto, just-returned, standing with Kakashi. Sakura smiles, weakly, back at him. Sasuke’s expression changes--does he finally have compassion? Naruto, shirtless, exhausted, stands knee-deep in the river. For a moment his gaze racks focus to the water’s surface. His reflection. The moon backlighting his hair like foxfire. He sees a flash of orange--a fish! He shoots a LIGHTNING JUTSU into the water, electrocuting himself. When he recovers, he sees: SEVERAL FISH, BURNT TO A CRISP. He grabs one, bites its head off, when he looks up to notice: SAKURA, coming to the water’s edge wrapped in a sarong. Naruto comes to shore to dry off. Sakura’s eyes land on his bellybutton. And the SIGIL. Sakura stands tall, like she’s encouraging him to do the same. Another long beat. Naruto holds up the crispy fish: She unwraps the towel she was wearing, revealing her underwear, and steps into the water to bathe. Sakura shakes her head, sadly. Now she swims on her back, giving herself to the water. FROM ABOVE, it looks like she’s floating among the stars reflected on the water’s surface. Naruto’s sigil glows orange. OROCHIMARU has entered the OCCUPIED BAR, Kabuto at his side. Everyone goes dead quiet, whispers to one another. Orochimaru and Kabuto sit. The others gather around them. SAKON is next to speak. He is a stunningly gorgeous man who shares a body with UKON, another stunningly gorgeous man. Kidomaru snaps a fist with his five good hands. Everyone ERUPTS at this. Orochimaru knows his audience. Someone whoops agreement. Orochimaru leans in, gets folksy. JIROBO (7 feet tall, 300 pounds), bangs the table.  Orochi! Maru! Orochi! Maru! Two of them hoist his chair up and he steps onto the table. Orochimaru’s eyes meet Kabuto’s through the crowd. Orochimaru winks. Kabuto realizes: Orochimaru planned this. Everyone’s riled. Someone drags the bartender from behind the bar and throws him on the ground. Kabuto looks around, alarmed by the violence in the room, as: Orochimaru starts doing his newest jutsu on the bartender. THWACK, a dart hits a board. In a way more peaceful bar across town, Iruka and Kakashi play darts. Kakashi sighs. This is weighing on him.  abandon him. He laughs to cover his THWOCK: Iruka scores a bullseye. THWOCK: Kakashi splits Iruka’s dart right down the middle. They reset the board. Late night/early morning. Kakashi comes back to camp to find: Sakura, sleeping under a graceful shelter of pine boughs. Sasuke sleeping just outside, like he’s guarding Sakura. Naruto, flopped over ten feet away like a ragdoll that slept where it landed. Kakashi sighs and shakes Naruto awake. Naruto sits at the edge of the lake. Kakashi stands above him, looking a little worse for wear. He hands him a balloon filled with water: Kakashi ignores him. Naruto nods. He gets it. And he sits there, silently, staring at the balloon. Naruto, still focused intensely on the balloon, sits in the woods. Sweat pours down his brow as the sun beats down upon him. Next to him, Kakashi flips through his romance novel. And now, the water inside the balloon starts to spin. Naruto smiles. Kakashi puts his book down. The Balloon pops. Naruto PUNCHES THE GROUND. Naruto drops to the ground, starts doing push ups: Kakashi reaches into his utility bag, throws him a Power Bar. Naruto smiles. He takes a bite. Naruto tries to sit, but is fidgety. Naruto’s surprised to hear that. Kakashi presses on: He hands him the balloon. Naruto looks up at Kakashi, feeling vulnerable and exposed. He stops. And looks at Kakashi like, “Fuck it. Let’s do it.” So he does. He focuses. A tear rolls down his cheek. The wind blows hard through the trees. The trees spark flames. But Kakashi does not react. To the licking flames around him. He just locks eyes with Naruto. And holds his gaze. And now, the balloon starts to spin. And Naruto starts to cry more. He watches it, focused. Kakashi smiles. As it spins there, suspended in the air. Kakashi holds out his hand. Naruto is thinking, feeling the pain. More tears now. The balloon rises into the air. Moves over to Kakashi’s hand. It’s amazing. Naruto’s moving things through the air with precision. And now, it falls onto Kakashi’s hand, and POPS. And Naruto crumples up in a heap, crying. Kakashi moves to touch his shoulder, hesitates. Says simply: Naruto wipes tears away. He looks up, to see his new mentor. Kakashi offers his hand. Naruto grabs it. Kakashi pulls him to his feet. And Kakashi, ever so gently, puts an arm on Naruto’s shoulder as they walk into the woods, back to the others. Naruto and Kakashi return to camp to find something shocking. Sakura comes sleepily from her shelter of branches. Everyone stares. Sasuke says nothing, just sets a makeshift table. He swallows hard, clenching his perfect jaw, his piercing eyes sparkling with withheld tears... Sakura and Sasuke lock eyes. She’s deeply moved. Kakashi gives Naruto a clap on the shoulder and sits. Naruto sits and shoves a whole pork bun in his mouth. Sasuke looks at Naruto for a long time. Then he smiles. The kids and their teacher eat, smile, make eye contact. It’s good food. And somehow, it’s the tiny final puzzle piece they needed to become a team. Music swells, taking us into a.... Sakura and Sasuke SPAR. Kakashi coaches. They wrap each other up, then push each other off. Even though it’s violent, it’s almost romantic. We PAN OFF THEM to Naruto. Standing there, stone-faced. The balloon spinning right in front of him. -TEAM 7 races each other to the top of trees and now running across the branches. Sasuke shoots a fire jutsu at Naruto clone, who leaps into the sky and corkscrews using a Jump Jutsu... -Sakura uses a healing jutsu on a wounded rabbit in the forest. --Sasuke using his Sharingan to analyze Naruto’s form and give adjustments. -Naruto spars with Kakashi. He’s improving. --Sakura passes her hand over Naruto’s body, bruised from sparring with Kakashi. She heals him. She breathes heavily, winded from the use of chakra. Naruto nods thank you. -Sasuke spars with Kakashi. He THROWS A FIRE JUTSU, followed by a FLYING KICK, and knocks Kakashi to the ground! He stands over Kakashi, smiles, REACHES HIS HAND TO PULL HIM UP... Kakashi takes it. -And finally, we see Naruto step out into the current, close his eyes, and focus. He tunes everything out. All sound and music disappears from our soundscape. He starts to rise onto the water -- but he still can’t quite do it. He falls, and is taken away by the current. He grabs onto a rock and pushes up to the shore, out of breath. But undaunted. The waterfall test. Kakashi stands on the shore, book in hand, and peers over the pages at Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura, all in the water, fighting against the current. Sasuke and Sakura are walking on the water, but Naruto struggles still. Kakashi sighs, flipping pages. Naruto swims to the shore. Sasuke follows him. When Sasuke steps onto the shore, Naruto shoots a FIREBALL at him. And Sasuke creates a water wall to defend it! Kakashi finally gets fed up and walks over to them. Meanwhile, Naruto somehow appears by Kakashi’s side. As Kakashi takes one more step, and... IS HOISTED HIGH ABOVE THE GROUND INTO A TRAP Naruto simultaneously snatches the book right from his hands. He holds it up above his head. Team 7 looks up, smiling: Kakashi looks at Naruto, then turns to see ANOTHER NARUTO standing in the water. As Naruto conjures 2 more clones. And a couple more...until...a full dozen. The clones disappear as Team 7 celebrates! And Kakashi begrudgingly accepts defeat. He reaches into his pocket for a knife, cuts himself free, elegantly lands on the ground: Naruto grabs it from Sakura, flips through it. The giant doors to the academy swing open. Teams are sparring and practicing jutsu. A HUSH falls as Naruto, Sakura and Sasuke walk behind Kakashi. Dirty, bruised, intense. They stride across campus. All eyes on them. A single glance from Sakura stops her mid-sentence. A band plays. White tablecloths, glasses of champagne. Naruto glimpses his reflection in a lacquered wall. He’s in military formalwear, and looks awesome. Naruto looks up at Sasuke, caught. But he decides to OWN IT. Sasuke sighs... but also poses just the TINIEST BIT behind Naruto. For a second they look like a boy band. They look up to see Sakura with HER PARENTS. Sakura’s parents are VERY proud. Both crying. Hugging her. Sakura makes eye contact with her teammates, smiles. And Sasuke and Naruto, the two orphan boys, wave back at her. For a moment the boys with no parents watch Sakura with hers. Meanwhile, KAKASHI lingers at the fringes. He realizes he’s drifted to a WALL OF PHOTOS. In one photo, YOUNG OROCHIMARU stares at the camera alongside his teammates Tsunade and Jiraiya...and his teacher Sarutobi. In another photo, YOUNG KAKACHI smiles alongside his teammates Obito and Rin...and his teacher, Minato Uzumaki. Now Sarutobi lands on the picture of himself and Orochimaru, and his wise face displays unmistakable grief. Young Orochimaru gazes at Sarutobi from the photo. QUICK FLASH OF: Orochimaru summoning the Nine-Tailed Fox, the flames, the destruction, the lost young man in the photograph grown up to become a monster. Kakashi can see what Sarutobi is going through. He offers: And just at that moment... Sarutobi senses that something is wrong in the world. It’s just a feeling--a dissonant note in the score. Sarutobi looks around the room to see: ... Ino flipping her hair deliberately in Sakura’s face ... Shino dropping a bug down Kiba’s back ... Naruto dancing with Hinata, (who dances VERY VERY shyly). The kids look excited, unaware of anything sinister brewing. But Sarutobi turns, gravely, to Kakashi. Kakashi looks around the room, trying to see what Sarutobi saw, or didn’t see. Just then they’re interrupted by: Kakashi watches Kabuto pay his respects to Sarutobi. Something about Kabuto pings Kakashi’s suspicion. Bright daylight. Bleachers have been erected in Hokage Square, food sellers are out with carts and tents. Everyone’s buzzing with excitement. Parents, teachers, even reporters with camera crews. All here to watch the Chunin Trials. The students stand in formation, some distance from the milling crowds, as Anko Mitarashi paces in front of them. Naruto faintly hears a cheer from the bleachers: Naruto grins and waves at Iruka. IN THE BLEACHERS They share a moment. A smile between old friends. Kakashi watches Team 7 pull on identifying armbands, nervous and jittery for the competition to begin.  lowers his guard/when his weapons He wants to say something, but is clearly uncomfortable with emotion: A long beat. Sakura smiles, clasps his hand. The moment is quiet, intimate. They deploy with a wild cry, vanishing into the streets. But something troubles Kakashi. He looks around, anxious. He hears that same off-note in the score. Something’s coming. Tilt down from the SUNBURST, exploding in the sky. To find Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura, moving cagily out of the starting circle. They quickly move to some buildings, scale the fire escapes. They look down, scan the neighborhood. Their eyes narrow, as they land on... Team 10... Walking toward a ryokan-esque structure. Sasuke and Naruto look to Sakura... She nods. Sliding doors. Tatami mats. Team 10 is split up in the structure. Ino holds a scroll tight. They are lying in wait. Meanwhile, Sakura, Sasuke and Naruto are pressed against the wall. Listening intently... Choji is about to step into the next room. Ino sees something, pulls him out of the way, but not before... A SECRET PANEL IN THE FLOOR SLIDES AWAY. Revealing a pit of spikes! Choji looks down, horrified. That was close. Now, he steps back, looks up... To see... The walls are ENGULFED IN FLAME. Naruto stands behind them, silhouetted, executing his fire jutsu. They step outside, and are greeted with a WATER WALL. On the other side, Naruto executes the jutsu, while Sasuke steps through the water and HURLS FIREBALLS at Team 10. Knocking Ino down... Sakura grabs the scroll, and... Now, Team 7 is on the move. They pass the ball back and forth, executing perfect scroll movement. A SPOTTER on the rooftop yells like a platoon commander: Spotters on different rooftops repeat the cry: “Team 7 on the move!” carrying the news back to... ...the bleachers, where the spectators hang on every word. They’re tracking the game through the first-hand reports of the spotters, the scoreboard, and whatever mayhem they can glimpse in the city’s cordoned-off exam zone. But Kakashi notices Kabuto slipping away from the crowd. Kakashi slips out of his seat to follow. Iruka does a double-take when he notices Kakashi gone. In the Exam Zone, the quiet, cordoned-off streets look empty-- Until we realize: Sakura, Sasuke and Naruto are moving swiftly up the street before our eyes, employing camouflage, passing the scroll between them. Naruto tosses the scroll to Sasuke, who runs up ahead... But a MIST CLOSES IN... Naruto slows down. He scans his surroundings. But now, and so quickly, it is only GRAY. EXT. TOP OF THE WALL - CONTINUOUS The cry is repeated over the rooftops. Sarutobi hears the repeated cry, sees the mist in the streets. He rises from his seat. Sasuke and Sakura whirl in the mist.  lowers his guard/when his weapons A beat. And then: SASUKE PUNCHES NARUTO IN THE FACE. And now Naruto, or whoever it is, starts to LAUGH. Laugh and DISTURBINGLY CHANGE SHAPE, stretching and warping before Sakura and Sasuke’s eyes-- Kakashi trails Kabuto down the quiet streets, losing him around a corner. The streets are empty-- Everyone’s watching the trials. Kakashi follows Kabuto... to the GATES OF THE ACADEMY. Four guards are opening the gate for him, operating the two giant wheels on either side. Kakashi shouts from thirty feet away: Kabuto turns back to see Kakashi. His expression is complex-- is he... regretful? But then he just says, simply: But Kabuto does that Corporeal Manipulation Jutsu, freezing the guards where they stand. Now Kakashi turns to see: Kidomaru, Tayuya, Sakon, Jirobo, and an ARMY of other Fallen Ninja from the occupied bar, emerging from the sidestreets, headed towards the Academy. He palms his kunai, and stands alone before the open gates. It’s KAKASHI VERSUS AN ARMY. Kidomaru RUSHES Kakashi, who dodges. Kakashi is SO FAST. But Kidomaru has four extra hands to do jutsu with. And now, Kidomaru performs Orochimaru’s CHAKRA-ROBBING JUTSU. Kakashi dives out of the sightline of Kidomaru’s raised hand. The jutsu hits one of the frozen guards, who begins to CONVULSE as Kidomaru drains her chakra-- Kakashi realizes in horror what’s happening. Kakashi kicks Kidomaru’s hand out of the way and the guard drops to the ground...then GETS TO HER FEET, awakened by the attack. Now Kakashi is RUSHED by the gang. Jirobo bearhugs him, but he manages to kick Tayuya in the face with his arms pinned. The other Fallen Ninja move towards the open gate. Kakashi shouts at the awakened guard: Sasuke and Sakura ready their attacks, watching in horror as Naruto’s joints creak and rearrange before their eyes, until-- The transformation is complete. Orochimaru stands before them. Sakura’s eyes go wide. Sasuke activates his sharingan, looking for the branching paths emanating from Orochimaru... but he sees NOTHING. But then Sasuke looks at Sakura with an expression she has never seen on his face: pure terror. Seeing how scared he is makes her scared. Without another word, she RUNS. The lone guard tries to close the gates single-handed as Kakashi is ABSOLUTLEY MOBBED, everyone attacking him at once, the OPPOSITE of proper kung-fu movie etiquette. He finally FLIPS JIROBO INTO TAYUYA, clearing a tiny bit of space. He whirls in a circle of foes. Sakon and Ukon get a wicked look in their eyes and BLAST A FIREBALL past Kakashi-- Where it HITS the guard who’s trying to close the gate. Tayuya whips out that BLOW GUN she used to kill the rat earlier. It turns out it’s a FLUTE. She plays demonic music-- Now, her Doki (three OGRE-LIKE creatures) emerge from the city. She looks at them: There’s a BANG and everyone looks to the sky--the guard who was trying to open the gate has just blasted a fireball straight into the sky. Then she COLLAPSES. Sarutobi whirls to see the fireball the guard shot up. EVERYONE’s on their feet. The square is PACKED with swirling, rushing bodies-- The other spotters repeat the cry. Throughout the Chunin Zone the students hear the cry. They run back towards the Academy. Naruto faintly hears: “sound the alarm!” But he’s dizzy. His eyes burn. He starts to cough. Orochimaru moves to Sasuke: And OROCHIMARU STARTS HIS DIABOLICAL JUTSU. Sasuke SCREAMS. Sarutobi strides down the street, the Shinobi rushing all around him, everyone racing towards the school. Instructor Asuma hands Sarutobi his GAUNTLETS and Sarutobi dons them without breaking stride. SFX: A THUNDERCLAP. THE RAIN COMES DOWN. Orochimaru is DRAINING SASUKE’S POWER. Sasuke’s eyes widen, compounding his misery. Orochimaru PROJECTS THE MEMORIES FROM SASUKE’S BRAIN onto the stone walls around them, like movies: - Sasuke’s whole village, slain, except his older brother who stands over their bodies. - More innocent times, the two boys growing up together... ...And earlier still, one little boy carrying another, running barefoot as the Nine-Tailed Fox attacks. The young one (2), is Sasuke. The older one (7), his brother.  BACK TO: Sasuke’s screams turn defiant. Orochimaru, suddenly, RELEASES him. Sasuke shakes, in pain, in conflict. You can see in Sasuke’s eyes how much he wants revenge. So Orochimaru does. Now, the throng of Shinobi MEETS AND CLASHES with the army of Fallen Ninja. Sarutobi LAYS INTO the first Fallen he sees, dropping him with a knee to the gut--a surprisingly expedient attack for such a dignified leader-- HEADMISTRESS KURENAI squares off with Sakon and Ukon, the conjoined twins-- KIDOMARU uses Orochimaru’s jutsu to drain a Shinobi’s chakra-- It’s a full-on Gangs Of New York Style STREET WAR. Sakura comes up alongside Ino as they race to the school. Through the mist, over the pounding of the rain, Naruto finally hears one thing: SASUKE SCREAMING. Sasuke’s on his knees. Rain pours down. Sasuke gets shakily to his feet. Orochimaru prepares to drain the last of Sasuke’s energy-- When Naruto LEAPS FROM THE SHADOWS AND CONNECTS HIS FOOT TO SASUKE’S FACE! Naruto straddles Sasuke and starts punching him. He turns to see the cloaked, hooded figure Orochimaru, growing in stature, his reptilian eyes shimmering gold... AND NARUTO HAS NEVER BEEN SO TERRIFIED IN ALL HIS LIFE. Orochimaru executes a jutsu sending a BLACK MIST creeping toward our heroes... Every living thing it touches, wilting and dying unnaturally. Sasuke conjures a wall of water, protecting himself and Naruto. Orochimaru stares at Sasuke like he just witnessed something beautiful. With a wave of his hand, the black mists disappear... And he SHOOTS AN ELECTRIC BLUE LINE OF ENERGY TOWARD SASUKE, wrapping him up in this pulsing lasso. Orochimaru looks at Naruto. They lock eyes for the first time. He smiles... Ino and Sakura turn the corner to see the WAR IN THE STREETS. But before Sakura can run to Sarutobi-- Sakura’s too out of breath to say anything, but she nods with great sincerity, and runs off. Jirobo hurls a mighty stone at Ino, knocking her to the ground, but in a split-second she’s back on her feet, in a fighting stance. They fly at each other, as-- Sarutobi turns to see Sakura doubled over, out of breath. He surveys the unfolding war, the Academy gates still open-- And without another word, he follows her. Orochimaru moves to Naruto, when someone steps from the mist-- It’s IRUKA. Iruka propels a fleet of shuriken at Orochimaru, who dodges. Orochimaru brandishes a CHAKRA BLADE, charges it up... ..and STRIKES IRUKA DOWN. And now, the FIRE FOX WITHIN NARUTO GLOWS. Orochimaru starts to laugh. It’s terrifying. Orochimaru starts to do his jutsu, draining Naruto’s chakra-- And the fox grows greater and greater. Naruto’s unable to move as Orochimaru feeds off him, draining his chakra, glowing with his power... Orochimaru looks between Naruto and Iruka, and we can see a cruel idea form. He smiles. It’s terrible when he smiles. He raises his left hand, and blasts all of Naruto’s chakra directly at Iruka. Naruto’s whole world goes quiet. He runs to Iruka, who spills into his arms, his whole midsection bloody and burned. Orochimaru comes to stand over them. Orochimaru lifts his hands to tear the Nine-Tails out-- --and turns to see Sarutobi, his gauntlets glinting. Sakura arrives with him, and runs to Sasuke’s side. Orochimaru sends a WAVE OF DARK ENERGY towards Sarutobi, who performs a jutsu that FREEZES IT IN THE AIR, the two great ninja struggling for dominance-- Sarutobi HEAVES the frozen energy into a building, which it UTTERLY consumes. Team 7 disappears into the sidestreets, supporting Iruka. Sasuke and Sakura burst into a vacated GREAT HALL. Naruto supports Iruka, carrying him into the next room. Sakura looks at Sasuke, heart breaking for him. In Sasuke’s looming bedroom, Naruto eases Iruka onto the bed. Iruka is in bad shape. Headmistress Kurenai, Instructor Asuma, Anko Mitarashi, ALL are clashing with the Fallen Ninja. Choji comes out of nowhere... And ROLLS RIGHT INTO one of the Fallen. The students are in the fight, too! Sarutobi and Orochimaru FIGHT. Music rises as: Working together, Anko and Asuma finally CLOSE THE GATE, splitting the fight in two. And with that the mighty gates are closed, though the fight rages inside and out. A cry goes up--”the gates are closed!” Kakashi looks up to the skyline. A puff of smoke still hangs from the explosion of Naruto’s Nine-Tails Energy. KABUTO has managed to be INSIDE the gates as they close. He sees his chance to disappear into the Academy campus-- When a NEEDLE OF WATER hits him in the neck like a dart. He falls flat on his face, revealing--shy little Hinata!!! Hinata pokes Kabuto with a toe. He doesn’t move. Naruto looks down at the sigil on his belly. It pulses orange beneath his shirt. But there’s no reply. Iruka is fading fast. Naruto knows: this is his last chance to say it. Iruka’s eyes flutter open. Iruka summons his breath, every word costing him now. As before, LITTLE KUSHINA is led by adults in ceremonial attire to some kind of temple. She stops in her tracks. Now one of the adults, MITO UZUMAKI (80s), leans over her. Mito opens her robe... to reveal that MITO bears the sigil of the NINE-TAILS ON HER STOMACH. Minato and Kushina grow alongside each other, train alongside each other, fall in love. Only this time, we get a good view of Kushina’s stomach: NOW, KUSHINA BEARS THE SIGIL. Kushina is IN CHILDBIRTH, SCREAMING. Her SIGIL GLOWS, then FADES. The Nine-Tailed Fox is loose. His every step heavy with destiny, Minato comes to stand alongside Kushina. He looks up at the fox. This time, we hear what Minato says NEXT: Kushina cries freely. But a peace comes over her. Minato summons the fox’s yin energy into himself-- Kushina drops the chains, and they RUN-- Kushina and Minato CHARGE into the maternity cabin. Kushina cradles her baby, kisses his head, looks in his eyes. As before, baby Naruto calms under his mom’s gaze. But now, for the first time, we see what baby Naruto sees: His mom’s face. Dirty. Bloodied. Hair matted with sweat. She’s crying... and she’s smiling. For all that the world is ending around her... she has hope. Kushina leans over her only child, performing the jutsu that seals the 9 Tails in his tiny body...  BACK TO SCENE: ...But the story doesn’t continue. Because Iruka is dead.  Iruka-san? IRUKA-SAN? Naruto cries, no stopping it now. He looks around. He’s all alone. He has to decide what to do. Orochimaru and Sarutobi are deep in combat when: Both their gazes lift in unison. Above the treetops outside of town, the telltale flame of the Nine Tailed Fox. Orochimaru lets Sarutobi drop to the ground. Naruto runs across treetops. Sakura and Sasuke appear by his side... The GIANT COWLED FIGURE of Orochimaru rises into the trees. They all run, from treetop to treetop. Orochimaru is close behind HURLING BOLTS OF ENERGY their way. They dodge and leap until... They land in a clearing that borders a vast river. They roll into a ditch and take cover behind some brush. A long quiet beat. It’s true. There is nothing but their breath and the wind. And now, Naruto dares peer his head over the edge of the ditch, to see... OROCHIMARU HAS TRANSFORMED HIMSELF INTO A GIANT SNAKE Naruto ducks his head back down, turns to his teammates: Sakura peers over now. Sees the snake. Takes a deep breath. Sakura suddenly kisses him, stunning him and Sasuke. She pulls away. Naruto is dumbstruck. He simply nods and heads out with nothing to say, perhaps for the first time in his life. A long beat between Sasuke and Sakura: He looks at her in surprise. She grabs his hand, squeezes it. She smiles at him. MEANWHILE, NARUTO... Steps out of cover. He’s scared. But he speaks. Naruto sounds, maybe, just a little, like Minato. The sky goes dark above them. Utter black descends. Sasuke looks at Sakura, nods... And leaps out of the ditch, HURLING FIREBALLS THAT STROBE THROUGH THE NIGHT SKY. Orochimaru SPITS VENOM at Sakura, who doubles over, blinded. Naruto leaps onto him with his chakra blade and SLITS the snake’s throat. The snake withdraws onto the water, and changes form... Sasuke is injured. Sakura runs to the water, splashes it into her eyes, cleaning the poison out. And she runs over to Sasuke, exercising a healing jutsu. She doubles over, winded from chakra exhaustion. Orochimaru seizes the opportunity, and FIRES A BALL OF ENERGY TOWARD HER, HITTING HER! She is on the ground, knocked back. He moves toward her... Naruto’s too far. He sees Sakura, vulnerable. Fox-fire rises within him: Orochimaru looks at Naruto, sees the Nine-Tails threatening to come out. Now, Sakura looks up to Orochimaru, with fury in her eyes, surprises him with a jutsu that tears open wounds in his flesh. And Sasuke looks up at her: Chakra swirls around Orochimaru like electric coils. He wraps Sasuke and Sakura in it and holds them aloft as he moves onto the water. Naruto’s eyes widen; his friends are in danger. Orochimaru HURLS THEM TO THE SHORE. They hit trees, land with a thud. Naruto looks at them, fox-fire glowing within him. He moves to the water. Alone... He turns back to Sakura: Sakura has tears in her eyes. And Naruto is about to step out, when: Sakura conjures a genjutsu: Naruto closes his eyes. Receives it. The world shakes around Naruto. The soundscape booms with destruction. He tunes it all out. And tries again. He takes his first steps onto the river. Finally, and for the first time, HE CAN WALK ON WATER. He stands strong. In the face of Orochimaru’s blasting raw power toward him. He creates a forcefield around himself and strides toward them. Naruto stops in his tracks, water rippling beneath his feet. The fire of the fox dances in his eyes. MEANWHILE, ON THE SHORE... Sasuke and Sakura turn to each other... Sakura gets his attention, EXECUTES SOME HAND MOVEMENTS, ABOUT TO LAUNCH INTO A JUTSU WHEN.. ..it happens... ...the light within Naruto flickers white hot... ...and Naruto loses control of the Nine-Tails... ...his body turning to ash and falling away. The demon bursts forth scattering his remains: a column of raw energy surrounded by flickering tails of flame. Orochimaru looks at the demon in awe and joy. It’s an incredible, terrible sight: the monster freed, expanding rapidly, towering above him. He raises his hands to draw in its power... ...and then gasps in pain, confusion on his face. Looking down, he sees Sasuke’s blade protruding through his stomach. THE NINE TAILS WAS JUST A GENJUTSU PERFORMED BY SAKURA! While Orochimaru was entranced by it, Sasuke snuck up on him and pierced his heart with his blade! He seizes Orochimaru, power CRACKLING as he forces energy into him, leaving him choking, trying to pull away. On the edge of control, his skin lit with power from the inside out, lines of fire like fox whiskers sear through his face as if they were cracks to the light within. Sasuke begins a jutsu as Sakura raises her own blade. Naruto’s energy surges and Sasuke strikes, delivering the massive bolt of lightning as Sakura buries the sword in Orochimaru’s chest. SCREAMING, Orochimaru burns from the inside out, and his stolen power erupts in a white-hot explosion. Orochimaru falls to the ground. Naruto looks to Sasuke. Sasuke looks to Sakura. Is it over? Did they really do it? Naruto wobbles on his feet, and PASSES OUT.  TO BLACK. FLUTTERING LIGHTS AND VOICES IN THE BLACKNESS... “They’re here!” “Get them stabilized!” “Where’s the Hokage?” And then one voice in particular comes into focus. It’s Kakashi, reading from a book. Naruto’s eyes flutter open. He’s in the infirmary. Kakashi looks up from his book. He smiles, in his way. Kakashi shows him the cover: it’s NOT the steamy romance, it’s about a young ninja finding her way in life and love. Naruto lies back in bed, relieved. Naruto painfully sits up. Naruto gets out of bed. But he stops in the doorway. Naruto looks at Kakashi, full of emotion. Kakashi doesn’t have an answer, and he doesn’t lie. Naruto takes a deep breath. No sound, just music. Naruto, in his hospital smock, appears in the doorway of the Sakura and Sasuke are here, in hospital smocks as well. Sasuke is still hooked up to some IVs. Their faces light up when they see Naruto. They rise. Sakura and Naruto hug. Sasuke offers a fist bump. Naruto hugs him instead. Their wires get tangled up. They drag Kakashi into the hug. Cheers. In front of a crumbling wall, a Graduation Ceremony.  Hold--everyone--HOLD YOUR APPLAUSE  until the whole team has graduated.  Team Seven, under Kakashi Hatake. Kakashi stands to name his students one by one. Sakura bows to Kakashi and walks to Sarutobi. Sarutobi is on crutches from his bout with Orochimaru. He ties a Shinobi headband around Sakura’s head. Sasuke walks to Sarutobi, who ties his headband. Kakashi gives Naruto a warm look as he passes to stand before Naruto smiles, (and boy is he beautiful when he smiles), because for the first time, being himself doesn’t sound like The audience erupts. Sakura grabs her teammate’s hands and holds them high. Sasuke smiles despite himself. And we hear a familiar VOICE: That same TEACHER is teaching the next batch of kids. The teacher’s gaze swish-pans to find: NARUTO UZUMAKI. Naruto joins the teacher at the front. He shows everyone the sigil.