 Alexandre Aja & Greg Levasseur  Based on "SOS" by Duncan Samarasinghe ON A SMARTPHONE SCREEN- A young woman’s hand scrolls through pictures like fleeting memories- - An elementary schoolyard party where a 7-YEAR-OLD GIRL playing with her classmates smiles into the camera... - The same child sits on the shoulders of A MAN, probably her father, sharing cotton candy... - The little girl shows her classroom to her parents, it’s back to school night... - She proudly shows off her school work for the past year... - Posing with a fluffy, bunny rabbit- The school mascot... These clichés of life’s happy moments finally come crashing down with the final image -- - The little girl lays intubated in an ICU hospital bed with her eyes closed... The phone screen goes black revealing- A distant gaze- KATE (33). She puts the phone down on the night table where 5:12 AM glows on the alarm clock. THE THUNDERING SOUND OF JET ENGINES ROARS AS AN AIRLINER PASSES OVERHEAD THE PULLMAN HOTEL AT THE SYDNEY AIRPORT... A carry-on bag. Wheels in motion, rumbling over epoxy flooring. Heels. Hair in a bun. Wearing a tailored suit in airline colors, KATE enters the international departure - Kate is late and rushing through the crowd. Passengers who will soon be under her watch and the main protagonists of our story-- Long queues, long faces. Perspiration. Crying babies. She’s looking around, searching for the rest of her flying crew. It’s hard not to notice the loud group of high school kids wearing uniforms and checking in their clunky instrument cases. Their teacher, LUIS FERRERA (late 30’s) is a bit overwhelmed by their rambunctious energy as he tries to collect their passports. Kate spots her colleagues as they’re heading towards security- She gets crushed in the embrace of senior flight attendant DAWN-MARIE (60)- Dawn-Marie registers the monumental event. Kate's throat tightens. It’s too much for Kate and she’s on the verge of tears. Dawn- Marie hugs her tightly. Dawn-Marie takes her by the hand and they go join the rest of the crew- six other flight attendants. They enter the fast lane to security- Kate passes through the security check point with her crew. Her phone rings as she puts it in the bin next to her personal items. She looks at the screen-- IT’S HER MOM. Kate reaches for the phone but too late. It gets pulled away with her belongings. In the next lane, the passengers wait behind the metal detectors. Valuables, shoes, belts, all being hastily removed. OMAR (25) gets pulled aside for an enhanced patdown. The baby- faced Arab man assumes the position as two agents vigorously frisk him all over, a lot of people staring... A Little Girl (8) can’t help but notice- Omar overhears the little girl and smiles finding it somehow funny. Embarrassed, the little girl’s MOTHER does her best not to make eye contact with Omar, pressing her older daughter forward as well. Now the security agents are checking Omar’s carry on luggage, emptying it completely...  She’s right, that’s 100% racial Behind Omar, the music students playfully roughhouse with each other. FRANCISCO approaches his classmate JONAH with a conniving smile and whispers in his ear- Luis puts his stuff through the X-RAY MACHINE. Wearing a t- shirt with the high school logo, he looks more like a young camp counselor than a music teacher. On the X-RAY MONITOR, the controller notices a suspiciously long and solid shape. He looks up at LISA. The controller turns his head- Another beep sounds off on the other side of the metal detector-- TRISHA sticks her tongue out to show the metal piercing before explaining her guitar case to one of the agents. While Trisha continues pleading her case, YOJI, the smallest student is becoming impatient, holding his flute case. Next in line, a heavy set Australian man, GARY(40) kneels down to untie his shoelace giving the entire airport a view of his butt crack. LINH, a shy looking teen, is repulsed by the horrific vision. She pulls on the tote bag of her BFF MCKENZIE and pretends to puke in it. Further away - HAROLD(60), an avuncular silver fox, squints hard. On tippytoes, he’s eyeballing the back of a lady with flowing grey hair, who’s just about to leave the security check. He tries to see her face, but he loses sight of her through the passing crowd. Her silhouette seems to have brought back a distant memory. Kate gets her personal items back - Her phone rings again. She answers- Kate smiles as she puts her shoes back. In the duty free souvenir shop, Kate hesitates between a kangaroo stuffy in sunglasses or a great white shark in a bathing suit. She eavesdrops on some of the music students across the aisle- McKenzie holds a life size Koala bear stuffy. Mckenzie freezes when she sees two classmates making out. It’s ASHLEY and JASON and they could easily be crowned Prom King and Queen. Zoom in on Ashley and Jason face sucking- They continue kissing in a cheesy halo of airport lighting. Kate looks at them with a hint of amused nostalgia. She finally decides on a teddy bear with the words “Hug me” embroidered on its tummy and walks to the cashier. Kate exits the duty free shop with her gift and suitcase in tow and heads to the departure gate. She walks past the other passengers including Harold, who still searches for the woman he saw at security. The cabin crew enter the empty plane. Kate joins Dawn-Marie who chit-chats with other flight attendants as they check the emergency equipment. Outside, veteran pilot, CAPTAIN CHAMBERS (50’s) takes a last look at the aircraft’s fuselage and gives instructions to the fueler. Behind the floor to ceiling airport windows- The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is prepped for departure. Bags and musical instruments are being loaded. All passengers are waiting. Mostly American tourists returning home. Last phone calls, hashtags and selfies. Captain Chambers steps back in the cockpit where his female first officer studies the flight plan. They go through the check list together. Bleed system... Hydraulics... ... Check... Check... Meanwhile in the cabin, Kate walks up the aisle checking the empty seats making sure everything is in order. She opens the last overhead compartments and joins Axel by the door as they get ready to welcome the passengers. Kate is surprised by the question. Kate smiles. All 200+ passengers are lining up at Gate 13 ready to board. Among them, Omar, the mom with her two daughters, Gary, Luis, the music teacher and his pupils, and Harold who is still searching for the mysterious woman. Harold is among the first few passengers to take a seat in business. Now a procession of economy class cattle shuffle down the dual aisles... Families, tourists, honeymooners, black, white and everything in between. Omar hands his boarding pass to Kate. A steady stream of people pass by all the nicer seats in business class they will never get to experience. In one of those big seats, Harold is busy settling in when suddenly, he does a double take and spins around -- A few rows behind him, the grey-haired woman from before stops in her tracks creating a standstill in the flow of people. Their eyes meet. Both stunned silent. Pam swallows hard and turns tail, breaking eye contact. The stream of people starts moving again, Harold once more losing her in the crowd. Following her mother and her older sister, the little girl spots a pair of empty business seats... Back to the aircraft door, Luis can’t find his boarding pass and he’s stressing out. Luis is reassured by her endearing smile and finally finds the missing piece of paper in his back pocket- Two of his students who stand right behind him giggle with delight at his clumsiness - Using tongs, another flight attendant hands out hot towelettes to business class travelers. Harold stews, throwing frequent looks back towards economy. The Mom and daughters get to their row. But AN OLDER MAN is sitting there already, holding a backpack on his lap. The man checks his boarding pass and the number above the He moves across the aisle after helping the mother put her luggage in the overhead compartment. Then he seats, with the backpack still on his lap. Not far, McKenzie slides the Koala bear into the overhead compartment as well. Francisco places his backpack next to the stuffy. Francisco laughs at his own stupid joke. Pam's mind still reels. Barely noticing that she keeps getting jostled by Gary in the aisle seat. The big Aussie dude keeps talking to her- He’s interrupted by Dawn-Marie. This gets Pam's attention. Gary lights up -- Gary lumbering out of economy class, almost dancing, Viva Las Vegas. A moment after... Harold emerges. Pam's eyes going wide as he strides closer. Harold stands in the aisle, gazing down at her. Pam releasing a pent-up breath... Kate welcomes the last passengers, waves at the ground crew, and slowly closes the aircraft door. Safety wands in hand, a marshaller wearing a red reflector vest directs the remaining ground crew to disperse. Dawn-Marie knocks on the cockpit door. Chambers lets her in. Kate comes to see Omar who is sitting in the last row of the plane. He’s on the phone, arguing with his ex- She waits. A little awkward. He hangs up. He smiles. Omar takes his carry on and follows the flight attendant down the aisle. He takes a seat next to Lisa and two other music students. Notices the uniforms. Tries to break the ice- In their seats, Harold and Pam stealing glances, neither knowing where to start. Until both blurt out at the same time- Awkward. Nervous chuckles traded. Harold holds up his ring finger, thumbing the pale tan line where a wedding band used to be... Pam breathes a smile... Flips up her own ring finger. Ditto. With the flight crew in position for the safety demo, Axel takes the microphone. Nearby in an adjacent aisle, Dawn-Marie smiles bashfully. The music students start clapping and singing in unison, surprising the other passengers... disturbing others. While Axel and other flight attendants are presenting the safety measures, Kate joins Dawn-Marie in the galley- Kate can see how emotional she is. Dawn-Marie lets out a nervous laugh as she regains her composure. Kate smiles. The captain’s voice interrupts them- -- The plane merging onto the runway. -- Picking up land speed pre-takeoff. -- Kate lowers the flight attendant seat next to the galley and straps herself in. -- A hand white-knuckles an armrest. Pam tries to smile and breathe through it. -- Harold clasps her palm in a comforting squeeze. She relaxes a tad upon his touch. -- The students become more agitated as take off approaches. Luis is also very nervous. -- The jet engines roar outside- The plane speeds down the runway. -- The belly of the plane lifting off right above us. Soaring majestically... Above the ocean. --The vibrations stop as the plane lifts up into the air. On Kate’s close-up, a ray of sunlight pans across her face. Even though it’s against the rules, she takes out her phone to look at- A picture of her daughter smiling on her father’s shoulders. The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner flies above an ocean of clouds. Kate pushes her cart down the aisle. Time for drinks. She stops in front of Mom and her daughters who are face planted in their screens. The smallest one is writing in a notebook in the same time.  I’m 8 and half. And she’s 12. Kate smiles and gives them their drinks. Kate turns to the man sitting on the other side. Kate sees that he’s still holding on to his backpack on his lap. FURTHER DOWN THE AISLE Trisha zaps through the channels desperately looking for something she might like to watch when Kate arrives with her cart- She removes her headset- Kate stops for a second- Is she serious? Kate serves her and continues down the aisle- Yoji is glued to the head rest TV in front of him showing a view of the outside camera on the wing. Hypnotized by the video feed, Yoji’s ball cap is stolen from behind by a laughing Francisco and thrown to the back. The hat lands on Trisha who immediately throws it behind her. Luis puts his table up and stands. He walks to the bulkhead. Catches the traveling hat and lands it back on Yoji’s head. He continues walking, passes Jason and Ashley who lean into each other reading their palms. Luis finds it amusing. Kate transfers the hot trays from the conveyer oven to her cart. Luis steps past the curtain and comes face to face with Kate. She notices the high school logo on his shirt. Followed by an awkward silence. The cup of water has been ready for a while, but he completely forgot about it. He pops two pills into his mouth and chases them with water. Luis would love to hang around and chat, but - The bathroom door opens revealing Francisco- Having heard some of their conversation he tries to change the subject. Having caught another smell entirely, Luis closes the toilet door. Total mood killer. Not really the time to ask for her number. Luis waves and points to his seat. Time to go. Kate smiles finding humor in the situation and his clumsiness. Gary enjoys his upgrade by splurging on all the fancy food and wine while playing blackjack on his screen. He rude-grabs a stewardess’ hand to ask for another drink, showing his empty glass. The dulcet hum of dual engines as the Dreamliner cruises at 35k feet. A calm blue ocean shimmering beneath. A vast expanse that dwarfs everything. Kids run down the aisle. NAMRATA, another female flight attendant does a round with the drink cart. She stops to take a photo for THE HONEYMOONERS, the pair posing with wine glasses. Nearby, a bored Omar stares at his TV, nothing better to watch than the flight tracker - the plane almost halfway between Sydney and LA. MEANWHILE IN THE GALLEY - Axel walks away... Kate finishes cleaning her area when- AIR TURBULENCE ALMOST MAKES HER LOSE HER BALANCE. The captain’s voice comes over the PA-  seat with their seat belt fastened. Axel is coming back- Another tremor shakes the cabin but this seasoned crew is not the least bit bothered. As the plane shudders with fresh pangs of turbulence- Kate goes to check on the passengers. She bumps into Dawn- Marie. Another jolt rocks the cabin- sharp gasps all around-- Kate moves through the aisle making sure everyone’s seatbelts are fastened. Further away, Kate nudges a passenger smothered in blankets. Trisha wakes up in a daze. She buckles and goes under the blankets to sleep. LUIS tries to reassure his pupils but he’s the one clinging to his seat. THE PLANE SHAKES VIOLENTLY scaring them even more... The force sends Kate to the ground... At the same time, Namrata, the stewardess, slams her head into a cart. From underneath the seats, Kate sees her colleague’s face hit the floor, unconscious. A passenger wants to help the stewardess. Kate runs through the aisle to come help the wounded flight attendant. Namrata is not responding. Blood runs on the side of her head. MORE SHAKING! THE PLANE RATTLING ALONG WITH A CONSTANT RUMBLE. Kate spots an empty seat a couple rows behind and drags her colleague to it. Namrata is slowly regaining consciousness. Kate hands her a folded towel- She can’t finish her sentence- The plane pitches forward into a SCREECHING NOSEDIVE-- Passengers shrieking at the top of their lungs while-- KATE SLAMS AGAINST THE CABIN CEILING! She tumbles upside down between the overhead compartments. Falls back before being flung down the aisle even further, pinwheeling ass over teakettle-- --desperately grasping at anything for purchase, mad swipes missing everything as she hurtles towards a bulkhead-- About to get slammed into it when-- --a hand swings out and latches onto her forearm like a vine-- It’s Dawn-Marie. Captain Chambers fights ruthless physics laws to bring the plane back up. Her muscles rippling with exertion, fighting gravity, as Dawn- Marie strains to pull her into the adjacent jump seat. Kate managing to hook her arms into the shoulder-strap seatbelts- TREMBLING- fumbling with the latches- about to get dumped out but-- clicking herself in the nick of time. HAROLD AND PAM... MOMMY AND HER DAUGHTERS... LUIS AND HIS STUDENTS... ALL PLUMMET INTO AN AIR POCKET WHICH FEELS MORE LIKE A FREE FALL. HEARTS LEAP INTO THEIR MOUTHS. SCREAMS!! A big impact follows once the plane finally grabs some solid air and- Overhead compartments fly open sending bags and suitcases in every direction. Hundreds of loose items pitch forward and funnel, smashing into people- THE HONEYMOONERS - Screaming together. Their terror-slammed eyes staring outside through a window at the engine of the plane. GARY - Puking his dinner over the business class seat. Another violent shock! The plane stabilizes but the tremors continue. Kate steels herself against this waking nightmare. As she meets eyes across the way with Dawn-Marie, she realizes -- Not even the most senior crew member remembers such intense turbulence. The humming of the jet engines quiets down. The jolting persists, but it’s nothing like they’ve just felt. The aircraft seems to be pulling through the disturbance zone. A general sense of relief fills the air. The passengers regain their composure. Some even manage to smile. Calm is restored. It’s unearthly peaceful, almost dreamlike. Too calm perhaps. Kate has a bad premonition. As she listens closely, she can no longer hear the engines. The intercom rings, Dawn-Marie answers. Blood drains from her face. Ditching? The crew members exchange gazes- paralyzed. They have never been in this situation before. Dawn Marie prepares the bright yellow raft kit. On the other side, Axel does the same. The passengers are dazed. The plane seems to be flying smoothly. It’s filled with an eerie silence. Luis tries to overcome his own fear and reassure his students. McKenzie swallows her tears. The other students are not fully convinced. Overseen by the cabin crew, the passengers reach under their seats for the life vests and slip them on. Kate walks up the aisle to make sure everyone is following the instructions. Stops to help when necessary. Trying to reassure the most anxious ones. Her hands trembling, the Mom slips them over her children’s heads.  problem with the plane? Her big sister understands the danger and looks super worried. Across the aisle, the older man, still holding his backpack on his lap, doesn’t seem to be worried as he’s putting his life vest on. He smiles at the big sister peacefully. For an instant the girl feels reassured. Kate puts her life vest on. Sits back. Hydraulic pressure tanks go to zero. Lights and buzzers going off. Captain Chambers, under intense pressure, holds the yoke firmly using all of his arm strength. Beyond the windshield the ocean extends indefinitely. Chambers keeps his eye on the gauges- The anemometer... artificial horizon... the altimeter. His first officer counts down the gauges out-loud doing her best to stay calm and professional. The closer they get to the water, the higher the tension rises. Terror spreads over the plane. But for the cabin crew, years of training kick in, and all at once, ALL OVER THE PLANE, they begin chanting --  Brace! Brace! Head down! Hold your  Brace! Brace! Head down! Hold your  knees! Some of the passengers bend over their seats crying... others pray. Holding hands across the aisle. Some fumbling with phones, trying to get service, send out one last desperate message. Kate continues repeating the instructions when she sees Mom and her daughters. The mother looks into her daughters’ eyes. It’s heartbreaking. Music students continue crying and whimpering. The endless Pacific Ocean rushing past the window... A look of terror on Lisa’s face. As the Boeing 787 is going to ditch. The plane loses wing balance. The tip of the right wing goes down and grazes the water. If it catches it at that speed, the aircraft will simply disintegrate. Chambers realizes the wings are not leveled and manages to pull the plane back up in the air for a very short moment. Just enough to bring the horizontal balance straight. WITH KATE - Her face creased with abject dread, still chanting... The seasoned pilot aims now to land on the choppy water line - THE NOSE STRIKES DOWN! THE IMPACT IS VIOLENT. The fuselage creates two giant foam waves on both sides of the plane. The drop-down oxygen masks are released upon impact. The cabin rocks like a jackhammer. Metal bends close to breaking with every bounce. Bracing passengers. Screaming. Waiting... anticipating the plane to break at any moment. The Boeing 787 continues sliding across the water surface at breakneck speeds... Cutting through the waves. Bobbing in and out. The plane is slowing down. Some passengers open their eyes, looking at each other in disbelief. Captain Chambers focuses on keeping the plane level as it’s losing speed. Just a little longer but- One of the engines tears off from the wing, forcing water pressure on the other wing to turn the aircraft sharply 90 degrees and- THE PLANE PROPELS BACK UP IN THE AIR! Madness ensues. Everything happens at once-- A deafening smash of metal against ocean, overtaken by-- THE ROAR OF FRICTION FORCES-- gnashing like a hurricane in your middle ear-- drowning out a chorus of blood-curdling cries-- Passengers shook like ragdolls-- heads crashing into the back of seats-- -the groan of metal heralds the fracture of fiberglass- -the wall splitting open right next to Kate & Dawn-Marie's heads- the noise like thunder as- THE ENTIRE PLANE SNAPS IN HALF Splitting open like a coconut. The two pieces hanging by threads, jackknifing like a semi-trailer over the ocean-- Kate at the coalface of the rupture-- staring wide-eyed out the gaping maw that looks over open water as her half of the plane breaks off, flung in a wide sweeping arc-- Entire rows of passengers tossed out into the depths, still strapped to their seats, doomed-- --Kate abruptly dunked underwater- --her jump seat -- and Dawn-Marie's next to her -- the whole row -- gets uprooted from its moorings and- EJECTED OUT OF THE PLANE UNDERWATER ...sinking, sinking... Kate has managed to hold her breath. Dawn-Marie hasn't. She struggles, then spasms... ...and drowns... Right before Kate's eyes. The sight hitting her hard. Her chin quivers, bubbles escaping. Fighting to hold her breath. Silent memories flash in her mind- Her seven year old daughter holding her hand, running... Kate is still sinking. Fatally strapped to the seating structure, like a stone around her neck... Juliette on her father’s shoulders fighting over cotton candy. Laughing. Kate furiously fumbling for her belt buckle... ...Debris and bodies bombing down around her... In the rear view mirror, Juliette falling asleep in the back seat as they are driving home by night... Kate’s fingers blindly groping at the latch, desperate to find purchase-- finding it and-- Unlatching herself... The seating structure releasing her from its death grip. Dawn-Marie's body sinking into the void with eyes wide open-- A BRIGHT-YELLOW UNOPENED RAFT KIT CLUTCHED IN HER ARMS-- Kate, stricken, prying her gaze away to swim for the top... shooting upwards- --she's yanked to an abrupt stop-- dragged down again-- what the fuck-- she looks back-- and her eyes gape at-- Her life vest. Snagged on a piece of loose seatbelt cord-- She madly kicks at it, face creased with resolve... Not gonna die like this. She removes it from her neck. Her lungs ready to burst; she grimaces with fading exertion-- But then- About to drown, she remembers something! Swims down instead of upward, to reach Dawn-Marie who just landed on the sandy bottom of the ocean. Grabs the raft kit from her and- Pulls the cord on the side-- FFFOOOOSH! CO2-fueled inflation- The sudden surge of buoyancy rips her off-- and she shoots up like a champagne cork-- releasing all the air in her lungs with a singular defiant roar and-- BREAKING THE SURFACE, holding like dear life to the yellow inflated raft. Gasping an almighty lungful of air, both sweet relief and terror gripping her face as she thrashes around in the middle of- A rush of discordant noises invades our soundscape. Kate panting hell-for-leather, spinning in circles, taking in the scale of devastation- Dozens of passengers in life jackets bobbing up and down, most dead, some alive, all at the mercy of the swells... The once-pristine ocean now strewn with a farrago of airplane parts and luggage. Kate vomits out sea water. Awash in disarray. Flaming hunks of debris burn out of control. A doll melts under flames, its glass eyes falling out. Steadying herself, she cups her hands around her mouth -- Gradually people start to notice her-- About a hundred yards away, THE BACK HALF OF THE PLANE (from the wing to the tail), sticks out of the water, slowly sinking-- A lot of unconscious or dead passengers remained in their seats while the survivors are still trying to figure out what just happened to them. Blood gushing from a head wound, Axel makes it to the cabin door as the water is rising fast. Despite his injuries, the flight attendant knows the exact procedure to follow. Removes the survival kit next to the door and, twisting the lever, disengages the locks to release the EVACUATION SLIDE which inflates instantly. Same thing on the other side with another crew member. They both attach the survival kits to the slide using large carabiners. The slides are ready- So are the passengers who start pushing each other to exit this hellhole. A lot of bruises, cuts, bloodied faces... Those in the back harass those in front to move quicker. Others get in fights. Luis, keeping a close eye on his students. In the chaos, Axel notices that the emergency door leading directly to the wing is still closed. Luis turns to the door on the wing and jumps into action. The water keeps rising, reaching their waist. The Mom lifts her little girl out of the water and prepares to enter the slide with her older daughter in tow. On both sides of the plane, the few surviving passengers fill up the slides which will soon be rafts. Still, there are more passengers in the plane becoming increasingly nervous and impatient. Luis open the emergency door allowing those stuck to exit along the wing. Lisa and Omar try to remain calm but the water is coming up fast making it even harder to move. Holding a line connected to the raft, Kate encourages the survivors to swim to the life boat... Kate could cry, but bottles up her pain. There’s more people to save... She swims away from the raft in search for other survivors- A severely-burnt woman floats by in a life jacket. Kate grits her teeth and swims for the lady- Dead. Kate spots a few people with no life jackets, desperately treading water... She looks back at the dead woman- Starts unstrapping the woman's vest. As the woman sinks without a trace Kate turns away and- Waves her arms. Trying to draw the attention of two people who're struggling to stay afloat about twenty yards away -- But they don't notice; the ocean's too loud. She remembers the whistle on the life jacket -- BLOWS IT -- The couple looks back. A cresting wave wipes them from view, but once it dips we realize it's Harold and Pam. She cries out in exertion and hurls the life jacket as far as she can. It lands a few yards away from the pair. Harold looping the vest over Pam's head-- Insistent, he secures it around her body. Luis helps with the evacuation but nobody is listening to him. Overwhelmed, he fails to keep passengers from jumping in the safety raft prematurely... Further away, BEHIND THE WING - The slide/raft contains over fifty passengers reaching its full capacity. Using a knife, the flight attendant in charge cuts the slide away from the plane allowing them to float on their own... Then, he tosses a floatable anchor which looks like A SMALL PARACHUTE- completing his task. He’s done all he can do. Inside the plane, the water level rises and fills the aircraft with incredible speed- Omar, Lisa and two of her friends are stuck towards the back of the plane. Outside, the windows resemble an aquarium now. Suddenly, A LONG DARK SHAPE slides along the fuselage. Omar can’t believe his eyes. But it is real- Six or nine feet real- Lisa did not see it but heard him. Omar realizes that he must warn those outside.  A SHARK IN THE WATER!! ON THE SLIDE STILL ATTACHED- Axel is the last person to board when he hears the screams. He turns towards the plane to see Omar banging on the window. What does he want and why is he pointing to the water? The flight attendant turns to the ocean when he spots it- A FIN appearing on the surface. Then a second! And a third! In fact they’re everywhere! Dozens of fins surrounding the broken plane!! Kate hears him and spots a passenger who swims frantically to the raft when a shark drags him down! The passenger disappears only to resurface in a pool of blood, screaming for his life! Everyone onboard watches in horror. The poor man is being devoured under their very eyes- It’s unbearable. Kate swims away as fast as possible-- Finding a piece of carbon fiber debris-- a makeshift raft big enough for five people. She tries to push herself up onto it-- winces-- sharp pain shooting through her-- Revealing A NASTY CUT behind her arm. Swimming survivors try to climb over the fuselage of the sinking plane, fighting, drowning each other- Seen through the windows, the screaming faces of the survivors outside are pleading for help as the sharks attack them. The cabin is now three quarters filled and leaning to one side. Omar, Lisa and the two other girls stand on the seats to keep their heads above water... Bags, clothing, seats, and meal trays float along the surface. They struggle to get to the door. They have to hurry or they’ll drown. Turning to Omar, Lisa sees Namrata, the flight attendant still strapped in her seat. She’s regaining consciousness. Omar swims his way to the back of the plane. The girls get to the emergency door just as a SHARK MAKES ITS WAY IN! They scream and back up immediately but the animal is faster. Its fin moving past the floating debris. Lisa tries to swim away. She turns around to check on her two classmates. The girls have simply disappeared. Those that are in the water fight to get back on the wing, but those on the wing try to preserve their own spaces, when suddenly- They hear a horrible moaning sound and- THE WING BREAKS AWAY FROM THE FUSELAGE! Sending the rest of the plane towards the bottom. The wing tips over and everyone FALLS INTO THE WATER! From above we can see- LARGER SHAPES GLIDING BENEATH THE PASSENGERS. The passengers kick, trying to fend off the sharks coming from all directions... It’s futile. It’s a murder frenzy. Human chew toys. She hears Axel screaming, turns- As it starts sinking, the back of the plane is pulling Axel’s slide down with it- The flight attendant didn’t have time to cut the line! The slide tilts higher and higher... The passengers hang on for dear life. When one falls, they take a few others along into the water. The slide tips until it’s vertical to the water... It’s the inflatable version of Titanic! The fifty passengers slide towards the sharks’ open jaws- Among them Axel, a bunch of teens, and- Mom and her two daughters. The little girl will never return to Splash Mountain. This was their last ride... Kate is in shock but- The Mom suddenly re-emerges from the whirlpool of blood, holding her two daughters. Alive. Fighting with all her remaining strength to swim away from the massacre. Kate can’t just be a witness. Using both of her hands she paddles as fast as possible towards the mother in distress. Gets a little closer with her makeshift raft. The mom sees her and pushes her kids as far as possible from the danger- The little girl refuses to let go of her mother when A SHARK LUNGES in a violent attack! A great white shark-- its mouth jutting out of its skull to bare gums lined with 3000 teeth! Kate the grabs the sisters away just in time as their mother is pulled under violently. Two sharks end up scrapping with each other, the mother thrown by the wayside, clouted by a thrashing tail... The third shark arrives- goes for her thighs-- Chomping down. Arms flailing, legs inside the shark. The fourth shark's jaws clamping onto her vest, crushing her lungs-- Mom spitting up blood... Shielding the daughters' eyes, tears fleeing down their faces, as Kate manages to get them on the makeshift raft. BY THE WING - Luis sees Yoji struggling to stay afloat. His vest is torn and he cannot swim. Pulls him on the rescue boat, revealing his badly injured leg. Luis does this over and over again trying to save as many passengers as he can... Including Gary who’s not an easy one to fish out of the water. Jason looks for his girlfriend Ashley. He can’t find her but sees that Trisha is distressed. Another passenger uses her as a floaty and she’s sucking in water. Jason approaches and punches the other passenger square in the face to save Trisha from drowning. They join in trying to lift Trisha and Jason up, when- Among the screams, Jason hears Ashley’s voice in the distance... Without hesitation, the young hero pushes off into the shark infested water to save his love... Obviously, he’s an amazing swimmer. The back of the plane is now almost submerged. A few passengers are holding on the metal fin of the plane but it keeps going under and the sharks’ fins get closer and closer around them... Lisa wraps her arms around Omar who is also holding the Namrata in a cross chest lifeguard carry. But Lisa is already petrified - Two more sharks just entered the fuselage from another emergency exit... There’s only a thin air pocket left at the very top of the cabin. They stand on the elbow rests under water, trying to maintain their balance. Omar and Lisa are trapped- Only their faces stick out of the surface. Suddenly, unconscious Namrata gets yanked down a bit. Omar resists, holding her tight but she is violently pulled out of his arms. Omar takes this moment to flee with Lisa. Behind them, the three sharks tear the attendant apart. With the last pocket of air disappearing, Omar and Lisa take deep breathes and dive under. UNDERWATER Using the seats, Lisa and Omar pull themselves towards the exit. They’re almost there, when- A shark swims right in front of them! Omar pulls Lisa behind a row of seats. The shark is too thick to reach them. It tries several times to bite them, but the seats hold it back. They are running out of breath - Omar grabs the drop-down oxygen masks that are floating above them. Cuts off a mask and tries to breathe through the tube directly. It works but not enough air is coming. He grabs another one, does the same and starts breathing from both tubes. Then gives them to Lisa. They go back and forth. After a moment that seems to last an eternity, the shark moves on. The coast is clear. Omar and Lisa take a last hit of O2 and swim to the exit- The two little girls are catatonic. The youngest one holding tight on Kate. She hears someone calling her name. She turns around and spots in the distance- One of the flight attendants, waving both arms from the other slide/raft full of survivors- Kate waves back, relieved to find someone who could help but- ABOARD THE FLOATING SLIDE- The other group notices that the raft they are on is starting to pivot on itself! No one understands what is happening now... Suddenly the parachute anchor tightens as if caught by a torpedo and pulls the entire raft- The flight attendant loses balance and falls into the water! The other passengers look on terrified. The raft gains speed and gets further from the wrecked aircraft. Then, the rope heads down into the depths... The front of the raft is pulled down and water rushes inside... The passengers panic and scream as- The entire life boat is submerged like a submarine. The fifty passengers disappear instantly beneath the surface. ... Then they suddenly pop up like fishing corks, saved by their life vests. They turn to each other dazed and terrified. The flattened raft resurfaces also. Then, it spins and heads back towards the floating passengers. Whatever is pulling the raft is coming straight for them... At full speed... READY TO STRIKE! Kate watches helplessly. Sees them vanishing. She looks around, no other flight attendant among the survivors. Kate is the only one left. She starts paddling to get closer to the wing and the other raft. Lisa and Omar emerge from the water gasping for air!! They’ve made it out, but what they discover outside is petrifying- IT’S A REAL-LIFE CARNAGE- A FLOATING SLAUGHTERHOUSE. Blood and body parts float all around them. Omar scans over the water. The sharks seem to be gone. He spots a raft a few yards away and swims with Lisa in its direction. She sees the HONEYMOONER, holding onto his wife... who’s clearly dead, half of her body missing. Both garbed in life vests. Omar and Lisa climb in helped by Francesco. On the other side, Harold helps Kate and the two little girls to join in. Pam helps with the girls still in shock. Only two rafts remain along with A FLOATING WING strong enough to hold many passengers. The rest of the aircraft has disappeared. Kate is now counting the survivors- All looking dazed, bloodied, shocked, and confused. Luis looks for missing students. She’s nowhere to be found, but her life size Koala bear floats amongst the debris. Luis turns to her BFF, Linh, sitting next to him. Linh bursts into tears, struggling to find the words- Luis is overwhelmed with sadness and guilt. The honeymooner still clinging to his dead wife's body. The older man (the one who was sitting next to the mom and daughters), notices the young man's dead wife slumped in his bear grip. He approaches. The honeymooner is confused. As Paul, the honeymooner weeps uncontrollably, Brent, the older man nods with tact, opting not to pick at the wound. Kate tries to not think about those who are gone. She has to help those who’ve survived. Yoji is in the worst shape of all. He’s in utter agony as blood drains out of his body. His leg has been shredded and his calf is completely gone. Kate crouches next to him unsure what to do. She’s scared to even touch his wound. She looks around and turns to Axel’s deflated raft. Harold removes his shirt and his belt. He places the shirt over Yoji’s bite and wraps his belt around the boy’s leg tightening it as hard as he can. Omar, sitting next to Lisa, hears Kate and raises his hand. A line flies from one raft to the other. Gary sweats as he pulls the line with other passengers bringing the two vessels together. Omar jumps over the survivors and into the next raft. Seeing Yoji’s condition, Omar looks helpless. He comes closer to the wound. His face says it all. Again, Kate’s gaze turns to the flat slide/raft. She turns to Jason on the floating wing. Jason walks to the end of the wing until it starts to sink and he backs off. The wing shifts and he slides... Kate thinks... She takes the line connecting the two rafts and coils it up between her hand and her elbow. She throws the rope and he catches it. Jason and Ashley pull as hard as they can bringing the wing and the rafts together. Kate jumps on the wing and runs to the end... With her on one end, and Jason on the other, the wing is stable. Kate lays down to reach as far as she can... She needs a few more inches to get hold of the deflated raft... Luis secures her ankles and she finally reaches the slide/raft! They unhook the carabiner. The survival kit is placed on the wing. Kate and Luis empty its contents. Omar nods and leans in to give one to Yoji. The teen is semiconscious. Kate scowls at Gary. She has no time to argue and grabs an orange pouch from the survival kit. Pam looks at her cell phone-- Kate opens the pouch revealing an electronic device. She activates it. She lets this grim reality sink in. Everybody stays silent, confronting their own mortality. Between the water landing, the evacuation, the shark attack, and now the waves and beating sun, the passengers are in bad shape. Weak and dehydrated, some close their eyes to rest. Paul, the honeymooner, is still holding on to his dead bride. Ignoring the bothered and uncomfortable looks around him. Omar finishes bandaging Kate’s arm. Trisha looks into the water. Worried about another attack. Jason’s observation is met with skepticism. Gary hacks a delirious laugh. Everybody looking at him... Deep dread taking root in everybody's stomach. Harold raised his voice. He has a natural authority, leadership. Pam is trying to talk to the two little girls. Trying to get their minds off of from what just happened to their mother. No answer. Pam smiles gently. She turns to the younger one- The little girl that used to be so chatty, remains silent. Her sister answers for her- A beat. The little girl nods. Meanwhile, Kate goes through the contents of the survival kit: knife, first aid kit, air filter, paddles, reanimation capsule, flares... Trisha holds a pump without knowing what it’s for. Harold takes it and looks for instructions. Jonah reads the instructions on the raft trying to figure out what the telescopic metal rod attached to it is for. But reading on the rolling ocean has made him nauseous and he leans over to vomit. Trisha stands on the floating wing looking out over the horizon for any sign of a rescue. Luggage and instrument cases occasionally pop up to the surface breaking the silence among the dead bodies. Sitting in the raft, Harold strives to draw water with the water filter. Kate looks on- He’s sweating and after a while finally determines that the pump is defective. Kate looks up- Not a single cloud in the sky. Further back, Omar keeps an eye on Yoji who has fallen asleep. Luis approaches. He looks at Yoji’s injury. Omar can’t find the words. It’s beside the point. Paul, the honeymooner, swallows hard and regards his dead wife. Her face frozen blue. Eyes sealed shut. Missing leg. And in this moment, he can finally see the terrible reality. She's never coming back. With trembling lips he kisses her forehead and tenderly unclips her life vest... survivors watching with lumps in their throats. And then with a strangled sob... He lets go... The young woman sinking out of sight. The survivors have all been transferred to one raft- Kate, Luis and Jason climb the empty one and begin paddling among the floating debris, baggages and dead bodies in yellow life vest... Scavenging. They lift some items into the raft making it sway in the water. Still on high alert, they know that every movement can bring back the sharks- One could attack at any time. But nothing happens... They discover an OXYGEN TANK in a floating medical kit - Kate lifts it out of the water. Through the water, she can guess the outline of the crashed plane resting in the deep. Jason looks, tries to evaluate- Jason looks around- 360° of ocean... The objects found are placed on the wing: O2 tank, Trisha’s guitar case, clothing, kid size scuba masks and snorkels, and unused life vest, protein bars, but no water... Kate is worried knowing they have little time. She checks her watch and looks up at the sun. It’s getting late. She can still see the two main pieces of the fuselage resting at the bottom of the ocean. Everyone is taken aback by her suggestion. Luis intervenes. Jason psychs himself up. Ashley is worried for her prince charming and tries to hold him back. Harold has pieced together a regulator on the oxygen tank which he hands to Luis. Luis straps the tank to his back. Jason slips on the unused life vest. Kate hands him a harpoon made from the metal rod and a knife.  wing. If you’re facing the front Luis and Jason put on the kids masks. They’re ready! Luis tries the regulator and hands it to Jason so he can do the same. Jason gives a thumbs up. With all the survivors looking on, the music teacher and the student dive in... Jason free dives like a dolphin. He looks like Aqua-man. Luis is not moving so well with the O2 tank. He’s much slower and has to open the O2 valve several times to get air. The two parts of the plane rest on a sand bar 40 feet down. It’s an incredible sight- albeit, a tragic one. Luis and Jason approach THE FRONT WRECK... Jason reaches the fuselage and waits for Luis to catch up. The teacher makes it with difficulty and gives Jason the air tube. Jason takes a deep breath and signals for him to follow. Luis nods and enters the plane behind Jason. Inside, the fuselage looks like it did the last few hours before the water landing. Debris floating everywhere. The dead bodies of the passengers who opened their life vest too soon stuck to the ceiling... Jason gets to the first galley- his movements are fluid like an astronaut on a space walk. Suddenly, he comes face to face with Captain Chambers! He jumps at the sight of the deformed pilot and drops the harpoon... Luis is there to give Jason some much needed oxygen. They have to keep going. Luis points- The sun slowly sinks in the sky. Kate and the other survivors follow the operation from the wing. Nothing to see. The plane’s silhouette is visible but the divers are not. However, seeing occasional bubbles rise to the surface is reassuring. Linh snaps out of her daze when she spots a shark fin approaching. She sits up to make sure she’s not dreaming- SHE’S NOT. Kate turns. The sharks have returned and charge 35MPH!! Jason and Luis work together to remove the metal casing containing the water bottles. After passing the oxygen back and forth, they tie the packs of water to the unused life vest. It takes just a few minutes, but neither Luis nor Jason know that the sharks have returned. Jason carries the water to the emergency door. Once in front of the open door, he pulls the strings on the life vest. The vest inflates instantly lifting the water packs towards the surface. A couple sharks pass above the water bottles!! Jason retreats into the fuselage to hide. Luis and Jason look through a porthole- An entire squadron of sharks. But more importantly- ANOTHER SHARK MUCH CLOSER, SWIMS ALONG THE PLANE, ITS MASSIVE HEAD PASSES BEHIND A WINDOW, ITS BODY KEEPS GOING AND GOING AND GOING SUCH THAT THEY CAN REALIZE THE SHEER SIZE OF THE BEAST. A TWENTY FIVE FEET LONG BEHEMOTH. They can see the anchor line stuck in its jaws. This is the shark that pulled down one of the rescue rafts. Luis and Jason are trapped. What will they do? Luis spots the fire extinguisher on a wall and above, the small axe Kate mentioned. He swims to get it and signals that he will create a diversion so Jason can escape. Jason shakes his head refusing. Luis insists pointing to the O2 tank- He can last a bit longer. He points for Jason to exit the way they entered. The life vest appears on the surface. Kate paddles to the vest and looks around for sharks. She leans in and using her paddle pulls in the vest and the water bottles. The two men stand ready by the emergency door. Luis hits the fire extinguisher with the back of the axe while Jason waits for the sharks to react to the sound. The animals sense the vibrations and turn towards the divers! Jason takes one last breath. HE’S OFF! He swims to the other side of the plane where they entered. He finds his harpoon on the way and exits the fuselage... Luis backs away as he continues banging the fire extinguisher with the axe. THE SHARKS ENTER THROUGH THE BROKEN FUSELAGE! Half a dozen sharks circle through the empty seats looking for the vibration. Luis continues when- A SHARK SEES HIM AND HEADS IN HIS DIRECTION. Luis hurries into the toilet but can’t close the door entirely. He tries frantically to shut it-- The shark sticks its muzzle in between the door inches from Luis’s face. Furious, it’s trying to destroy the door. Luis backs away and lifts the fire extinguisher to the sharks nose and... squeezes the trigger- Releasing thousands of bubbles! The shark reacts immediately and pulls away. Luis finally shuts the door and takes a deep breath of oxygen. He was very close to blacking out. Outside the plane, Jason swims back to the surface checking behind him- The sharks circle the wreck without seeing him escape-- The young surfer ascends quickly getting closer to the raft. Jason resurfaces gasping for air! Everyone on the wing is overjoyed to see the teen back above the water. Ashley waits for him with a relieved smile. A couple of survivors pulls him up to the wing when- THE GIANT SHARK JUMPS ENTIRELY OUT OF THE WATER AND SNAPS ITS JAWS AROUND THE TEEN’S BODY!! Blood splatters all over Ashley who screams in terror as her boyfriend is devoured before her very eyes. There’s nothing anyone can do for Jason now. His body has been chopped in two. Facing the survivors, the shark chews on Jason’s torso and pops his head between its teeth like a watermelon! The surfer’s legs sink to the bottom leaving a thick trail of blood... The scent attracts the other sharks circling the wreck. Those inside the fuselage are also attracted to the blood and exit through the doors... Luis, still stuck in the toilet, works up the courage to open the door and peek outside extending the fire extinguisher like a weapon. To his surprise, they’re all gone. Luis looks through the porthole where the sharks tear at Jason’s remains. He’s mortified, but he quickly focuses. He has to take advantage of the distraction if he’s going to escape. The survivors are still shocked by Jason’s brutal killing. Ashley is beside herself with grief. No way Luis could have survived, when- Someone sees bubbles surfacing. The music teacher’s head suddenly appears sucking for air! Omar and Harold help Luis aboard. The teacher struggles to regain his breath. Luis needs to catch his breath and calm himself. Kate puts her hand on his shoulder. He feels so much guilt. Luis looks at the kids that have survived. Lisa, Trisha, Linh, Jonah, Ashley, and Yoji who is still in bad shape... Kate opens a bottle of water for Yoji to drink first. His lips are parched, but the few sips are a godsend for the teen whose life hangs in the balance. She turns to the two sisters- Margo swallows a nod, her throat parched. Shares the rest of the bottle with Charlotte. Gary empties one in three gulps. She knows there’s some truth in what he just said. The raft jolts suddenly. A FIN APPEARS RIGHT NEXT TO IT! Everyone backs away but there is nowhere to go and they cram together on one side. Terrified, Charlotte jumps into Kate’s arms while Margo shields behind her. The raft is struck again- This time they hold on to keep from falling in... The sharks circle the raft like patient, disciplined predators. Their circles become shorter with every rotation. More than a dozen can be seen. Some lift their heads out of the water as if to contemplate their next meal... Gary falls back but the other survivors catch him. Luis keeps his hand on the pack of water bottles to keep them from falling in. THE GIANT GREAT WHITE ALSO APPEARS... Its fin is three times the size of the others. It rubs along the plastic inflatable raft as the passengers look on petrified. Swinging its tail out of the water, it strikes the raft shaking it sideways. Another even more jarring strike! The passengers huddle together in terror... Francisco lands on Gary’s knees who pushes him away instinctively. Francisco stumbles, trips back, and finds himself-- In the water surrounded by other sharks! Panicked, Francisco fights frantically to get back on board. Jonah rushes to help his friend but it’s too late. Francisco gets yanked out of sight. Jonah waits for his schoolmate to reappear... He won’t. Jonah turns to Gary- Jonah jumps on Gary but Omar holds him back. Gary breaks down in tears... Jonah backs off still fuming. Everyone heard Luis. They have to try to get along if they’re going to live. The sun touches the horizon. The light sparkles on the ocean as far as the eye can see. Trisha, Linh and Jonah keep a look out in all directions. The ocean is calm. The sharks have disappeared for the time being. Brent, the older man, stands a little too close to the edge, urinating into a plastic bottle as discretely as possible... Paul and Kate notice him. The older man hacks a chuckle, amused. Finishes pissing and holds up the bottle. It looks more like blood than urine. Screws the cap onto the bottle. Kate and the young man registering concern. He smiles. She figured it out. On the other side of the wing, Pam keeps an eye on her phone just in case. Harold warmly grabs her hand. ON THEIR SIDE Omar and Lisa continue caring for Yoji laying on the wing... Kate and Luis try to collect any blood inside the raft into empty water bottles so as not to attract any more sharks. Lisa admires the way Omar takes care of Yoji. Omar smiles- Forced to get personal. Lisa seems genuinely interested in his story. Lisa is moved and wants to say something when- THE GIANT GREAT WHITE JUMPS OUT OF THE WATER!! It lands square on top of PAUL AND BRENT sitting in a corner of the raft. The splash is monumental- Like the one at Sea World when the Orca drenches the audience. But this time, no one’s laughing as the wave makes the raft capsize! All the passengers are in the water! On the wing, Kate holding the girls, Luis, Lisa, and Omar try to keep their balance as the shark’s wave threatens to send them into the drink. They watch Linh, Trisha, Paul and Brent get shredded by the great white... Meanwhile, Harold helps Pam who struggles to stay afloat. He swims her back to the wing where-- Luis and Omar pull her up. Harold attempts to pull himself up when- Blood explodes behind him as we see a flash of silver skin and a thrashing tail. Pam reaches out for him... HE SCREAMS HIS LUNGS OUT. The shark lifting him by the legs, swinging his upper body around in a wide arc, straight into-- The jaws of a second shark, just as the beast explodes to the surface. Both creatures refusing to let go; a predatory tug of war ensues and Harold gets ripped in half... Jonah, Ashley and Gary successfully climb onto the wing. They’re all terrified and totally shocked by this random attack. Pam is inconsolable. Harold is definitely gone from her life. Kate sees Ashley’s thigh is lacerated and she agonizes in pain. She rushes to the teen. The wound is 14 inches long and the blood pouring out of it suggest it’s pretty deep. Omar and Kate disinfect Ashley’s thigh using the first aid kit. The teen screams in pain. Meanwhile, her blood attracts another shark who takes bites into the metal wing. Luis grabs the axe and aims at the shark. Some of the other teens try to collect the blood using the plastic tarp. And then just like that, the waters still, and all the beasts are gone, disappearing into the deep like phantoms. Like they were never there. Luis and Omar kneel next to Ashley. In her pain, she’s becoming agitated. She looks at Luis and then Omar. She knows she’s in good hands and finally settles down holding Luis tightly. Watching their classmate suffer, the other teens can’t help wonder when their time will come. Probably soon... Night has fallen. Calmness has returned. The sky sparkles with a millions stars. The survivors only have a wing and a life raft left to stay afloat- A daunting task considering the vast open water surrounding them. Kate - Luis - Omar - Margo & Charlotte - Lisa - Jonah - Yoji - Ashley - Pam - Gary. They all look to the horizon for any signs of life, but at this hour, their faces suggest they might be losing hope. Ashley opens Yoji’s flute case. She stares at the instrument deep in thought. She assembles it and- Puts her lips to the shaft closing her eyes... She blows a note as tears flow down her cheeks. The gentle sound draws the attention of Jonah, Lisa and Luis... Semi-conscious, Yoji almost smiles as he hears his instrument being played. They watch and listen to her play under the moonlight. The other survivors appreciate the warm melody, no doubt thinking about their destiny, their loved ones, and those that have been lost... The music rings out into the distance... The clouds cover the sparkling sounds. Even with the constant sloshing of the waves, most of the survivors are asleep... Kate, Luis, and Omar keep an eye on the horizon hoping to see a light in the distance. ...The hours pass. Unfortunately, the landscape remains the same. Fatigue and lack of water is starting to be felt at this hour of the night... Luis is wary and sees that Kate and Omar are also awake. The teacher is getting desperate. He’s on edge and can’t keep it to himself. He needs to know what’s going to happen. Kate and Omar turn to him surprised by the directness of his question. Luis was hoping for a different answer. Kate’s aplomb leaves both men indifferent. Luis and Omar listen as Kate is ready to tell her life story. Kate gathers the strength to continue. The images have been playing in her head since the accident, but it’s still just as painful... Kate can hardly continue.  moved one of her fingers. She can see Omar is skeptical. They remain silent. As she driving on the highway, Kate keeps an eye on her daughter in the rear view mirror. The little girl is falling asleep in the back seat. MARC unbuckles his seatbelt to turn around and cover the child with his jacket. Kate doesn’t see the vehicle stopped in the lane and drives full speed into it- Upon impact, it’s a rush of seawater which breaks the windshield like the cockpit of their plane hitting the ocean- KATE SUCKS IN A HEAVING GASP OF AIR. Bolting awake, kicking out in panic, arms flailing, spooking the other survivors... She frantically looks around, discombobulated... Sees Charlotte deep asleep next to her and Margo sitting across watching her. Somehow knowing what she’s going through. Omar crawling over, clasping her shoulders... A cool breeze blows in her hair. A few rays of sunshine filter through thick cumulonimbus clouds bordering the horizon. The passengers lay in six inches of water- Exhausted, but alive. The boat shifts from side to side in the swelling water... THE DARK ROUGH SEAS HAVE REPLACED YESTERDAY’S CLEAR TURQUOISE WATER. Luis cannot see the bottom of the ocean before looking out into the horizon. Omar leans over to give Yoji some much needed water. The teen is pale and weak. He’s lost a lot of blood and can hardly swallow. But he struggles to drink anyway. Luis takes out his diabetes medicine but realizes that he’s Kate notices, but Luis puts it back in his pocket as if nothing. Still, he feels he needs to explain. Water sprays on Gary who jumps up in a panic! In doing so, he wakes up all the other survivors. Another spray splashes on Kate’s face! THE RAFT SWAYS HARD!! Something circles around them... Aside from Yoji, everyone is on guard, when- A SHARK JUMPS NEXT TO LISA WHO SCREAMS!! The passengers looks confused. Upon closer observation, they realize it’s not a shark, but A HERD OF MONK SEALS jumping around and playing with the raft. The other survivors smile and Lisa breathes a sigh of relief. Pam has also found her smile. The seals have brought a welcome change to the tension and doldrum, when- THE GIANT GREAT WHITE EXPLODES FROM THE WATER NEXT TO THE RAFT SNAGGING A SEAL IN ITS JAWS!! It’s huge compared to its prey. The passengers jump in unison. The great white is back. The seal was just a snack to the shark who charges the raft! At the last second, the giant sea monster dives under the raft. The fin is seen moving beneath the plastic tarp and in between the passengers. Then it’s gone... Everyone looks overboard to find it... The fin reappears... headed in their direction once more. They are all at the mercy of this sea monster who can throw But instead, it passes beneath them again- And again the fin is outlined under the raft. The great white activates its tail with more vigor charging at full speed... This time, its fin rips the plastic floor splitting it in Water instantly floods the raft... the passengers fall in unable to grasp anything! In the melee, Kate who’s trying to protect the little girls, sees the emergency beacon fall into the ocean. She pushes off to get it but Luis holds her back. Lisa and Ashley quickly climb on the wing. Jonah and Ashley also get on helped by Luis... The others barely cling to the side of the wing. Yoji, on the other hand is still in the raft as it folds in half like a taco! The shark turns around. Luis grabs Yoji’s ankle as the raft sinks! But he’s losing grip of the wing. Kate and Omar climb onto the wing helped by the kids. The shark gets closer... Gary sees that he will not be able to climb and goes to the submerged part of the wing to have a better chance. Luis and Yoji are still in the water. Luis will not let go, resisting, ready to go down with his student if that’s what it takes. Like a tiger charging it’s prey, the shark tears the raft apart with its jaws. The middle row of teeth visible, this is a veritable killing machine. The unconscious Yoji has no chance against this predator... The great white pierces the raft and closes its jaws around the teen! Luis is about to go down with him when the other students grab him. Jonah, Lisa and Omar lift him onto the wing. Kate feels for what he’s going through. Every time a student disappears, it’s like a part of him dies. Omar puts his hand on Luis’s shoulder. Luis stands. Thinks. Fast. The survivors regroup and hold hands. The great white charges right at them reapplying his technique-- His tail swipes the wings as he passes. This time, however, the metal wing does not break so easily. The shark tries again, striking the wing. They can sense the animal’s frustration as it swipes its tail several times. The shark hits the wing again and finally lunges forward biting into the metal- obsessing like a dog on a bone. It’s hard with more water covering the surface making it more slippery and unstable. Everyone struggles to keep their balance as- The great white continues biting the wing with rage. Nothing will stop it. It shreds a piece off the wing before- Pulling off and swimming away. She’s right. It’s charging again... It approaches fast, but this time it will not stop-- To everyone’s surprise, it jumps onto the wing, jaws open, and slides the entire length on a thin layer of water!! The wing leans with the weight of the giant animal and everyone loses their balance. They watch as the shark comes at them chomping at the bits when at the last moment-- The great white suddenly turns around, and- Swings its tail slamming into Lisa and sending her ten feet into the air! Lisa lands in the water knocked out cold. The shark reenters the water. Lisa’s unconscious body floats but it’s starting to sink. Without hesitating, Luis jumps in the water. Kate tries to hold him back, but it’s too late. Luis swims to her, risking everything to get Lisa back. No way he’s gonna lose another kid. Having landed on the other side, the shark charges once again. Kate runs to the survival kit... She’s looking for something. What is it? She’s running out of time. Every second counts. She has to hurry... Luis is still far from Lisa while the shark gets closer to both of them. Kate reaches deeper into the bag pulling out A FLARE! The shark is only a few more body lengths from Luis who is a few feet from Lisa... Now sinking. Kate stands at the edge of the wing, ignites the flare, and throws it close to Lisa causing a diversion. The flare hits the water. Instinctively, the shark turns on a dime. It worked! Luis gets to the spot where Lisa sank, takes a deep breath, and dives down... The survivors go from Luis to the shark, back and forth, watching the gap between them shorten. Tension rises... Luis resurfaces holding Lisa and takes a deep breath! Now he has to swim back to the wing. The shark circles the red flare before getting disinterested. Kate lights another flare and sends it on the other side. The shark takes the bait once again but not for long... Holding Lisa, Luis swims as fast as possible. Kate thinks. She’s got to do something and fast... She takes the raft’s security rope coiling it around her elbow. She throws the rope hoping to reel them in. It falls in front of Luis and he grabs it. They’re already surrounding her and pulling as hard as they can. Luis and Lisa glide through the water as-- The dorsal fin breaks the surface. Slicing closer... Lisa and Luis get pulled out and onto the wing! The shark slams into the metal before swimming away. Lisa lies unconscious on the wing. She’s not out of the woods. Luis moves aside making room for Omar who kneels next to her. He leans in to feel her breath and feels the pulse on her wrist. Omar starts CPR. He pumps her chest and blows air in her mouth. He’s methodical and calm under pressure. Omar repeats the same action... Lisa is the same. No change. Luis looks on worried. So does Kate. She cannot bear to watch Lisa die in front of her. Omar continues resuscitating Lisa- Pumping and blowing over and over. Water projects out of Lisa’s mouth! Omar leans down to listen to her chest. Kate and the students have a sliver of hope, until-- Omar is helpless, exhausted... Kate has no intention of giving up now. She turns to the survival kit with another idea in mind. Reaching into the survival kit, Kate pulls out a plastic packet of medical capsules. She hands them to Omar. Kate has found reanimation salts. For her, it’s personal. Like she’s trying to save her own daughter. Omar pops the pill from the packet and breaks it under Lisa’s nose. After inhaling for a few seconds-- Lisa regains consciousness like a bolt of lightning going through her body. Her eyes open wide and she screams like an asthmatic gasping for air. Pam looks in every direction. 360 degrees. They all looks for the giant fin, but there is no sign. Kate looks at the sun above the clouds. They’re past dawn, but by how much? The castaways turn to where Margo points. They all look at the horizon. It’s true. A tiny shape cut out in the distance with a small spot of color- A CONTAINER SHIP? The shape is three times smaller than the tip of his index finger. There is no chance they’ve been spotted. Kate quickly goes through the survival kit to find a flare but- Gary is ready to lash at her but Luis intervenes. Gary comes nose to nose with Luis. The survivors wave their hands and yell for help. Even though they know no one can hear them, they still try, even Gary joins in... The ship continues on course and fades into the distance. So do their hopes of rescue. The sun reaches its zenith. The heat has taken grip and only two bottles of water remain. Kate inspects the great white teeth marks on the wing. She leans down and pulls out- A SHARK TOOTH stuck in the metal. It’s huge. Almost as big as her palm. After a moment- Exhausted, they all look at Kate not knowing what to think. None of them seem up to the challenge. Kate is pumped, but she’s alone... So far silent, Gary speaks up - Everyone turns to him. A trap? The survivors are not sure where he’s going with this. For once, Kate agrees with him. The objects they’ve kept are piled together on the wing: - The small axe - Trisha’s guitar case - Yoji’s flute - A safety line - Elastic bungee chords - Guitar chords - A shark tooth The castaways study what’s available. Where’s MacGyver when you need him? MOMENTS LATER The tarp is spread over the wing. ASHLEY looks at the flute. She rips the rod from the main body, assembles the instrument, and then pushes the broken rod into the end of the cylinder. Now the flute is longer and sharp enough to penetrate flesh. KATE attaches the shark tooth to the end of the used flare with guitar string- It’s now a knife. LUIS open’s Trisha’s guitar case and removes the guitar. He could’ve never imagined using it for anything but making music. He removes the strings... breaks the neck from the body and attaches the bungee chord to the tuning pegs. He takes the frame of the music stand and dismantles it to collect the metal legs. Luis puts one end of a leg into the bungee- He pulls back on the elastic and releases- In a split second, the metal leg shoots out and plants into the wing! The music professor has just turned a guitar into a CROSSBOW. On his hands and knees, GARY uses guitar wires to fix the rips caused by the sharks’s fin. Using the leftover metal stand, LISA builds a spear, fashioning fabric from a life vest into a handle. OMAR and JONAH work together to break the flat part of the paddle. They struggle with it until it finally splits. They inspect their improvised weapon finding it surprisingly sharp. Satisfied, they go to work on the second paddle. PAM and GARY wrap the line around the deflated raft’s railing, until finally- They pull on each side of the rope squeezing the circumference of the raft together like a slip knot. It looks like a trap... Everyone puts the final touches on their weapons and will soon find out if they’re up to the task. The sun has already started its descent. The end of the day approaches. Soon the great white shark will reappear... Omar grabs the plastic bottles containing the blood collected by the students to keep the sharks away. Only five little bottles. Half a gallon... At the end of the wing, the tarp is partially inflated and arching above the water like a tent. Luis attaches the blood bottles on the edge of the wing and in the center of the arch. The trap is starting to take shape. They will lure the shark with the blood and catch it with the life raft. Omar walks among the other passengers holding their harpoons. This version of Swiss Family Robinson have rigged some impressive weapons. They’re no longer the helpless passengers that boarded that plane a day earlier. The minutes pass. The wait is heavy on their morale. The shark is nowhere to be seen... Kate and Luis are on the lookout for the least bit of activity. In their situation, what’s worse than seeing a shark fin is not seeing one at all. Not knowing from which angle it will strike. Anxiety overtakes their tired faces. Suddenly, the wing vibrates like an earthquake. Metal grinds under the wing... Everyone sits up. The man eater is right beneath them. They turn their attention to the tremors at the end of the wing where they see- THE GIANT GREAT WHITE. The shark swims in front of them, teasing, knowing its power... The survivors hold the rope connected to the raft/trap. Omar approaches the end of the wing... He pierces the blood bottles with the sharpened paddle... Blood leaks from the bottle onto the wing and into the water. But the shark does not go for it like they all thought. The shark circles the floating wing... Indeed the predator’s circles are getting smaller and smaller... Getting closer and closer to the wing... Seen from above, the massive silhouette of the great white gliding underwater makes the 787 wing look small... Omar watches the bottles emptying. The blood continues diluting into a red cloud in the ocean... Gary’s beginning to doubt the strategy. Clearly this is not working and they will have to find another way... and fast. The great white is close. And getting closer... On the other side of the trap- The shark swims along the wing lifting its head above the water to show off its teeth, when-- Kate jumps forward and with all her strength-- She harpoons the great white’s muzzle! The shark reacts suddenly and moves away from the wing- Heading further out to sea... It continues circling and moving like an angry pit-bull! Kate runs to the raft/trap and positions herself right behind it. She then shakes the tarp violently trying to excite the animal and encouraging it to charge. The last few drops of blood drip into the water... Luis, Omar and the others watch Kate as she waves the tarp like a matador in front of a champion bull. The shark is in! It turns on a dime... Charges like a torpedo! Ramming mode. Its fin splitting the water surface, it heads straight for Kate and the raft. Kate’s silhouette is outlined by the tarp and she is resigned to serving as bait. The shark is just a few seconds away. The group holds their breath. The shark lifts its head and opens its jaws exposing rows upon rows of razor sharp teeth!! The shark surges... Kate jumps off at the last second. THE SHARK PENETRATES THE PLASTIC!! The survivors pull the ropes together. The trap closes around the shark, but it’s not big enough to cover the entire animal. It’s only trapped halfway up the second dorsal fin. Only partially captured, the shark becomes even more agitated. The passengers panic on the platform. Pam protects the sisters. Holding the ropes tightly, they have to keep the shark pinned down and also start stabbing it! But first, they have to avoid getting hit with its tail which could deliver a fatal blow. The shark turns and twists, flailing its fins, trying to free itself. It slides along the metal... This makes the wing tilt causing the survivors to lose balance. It’s hard to attack the shark when they can’t even stand. Plus, they’re forced to drop the ropes holding the shark... BOOM! THE TAIL SLAMS INTO PAM, MARGO, CHARLOTTE AND JONAH. They land at the far end of the wing, their bells thoroughly rung. Luis pulls back on his crossbow and aims his makeshift arrow. He fires and hits the mark, the metal tube going deep into the shark’s flesh!! Still stuck in the tarp, the shark opens its mouth as if it where letting out a scream... The guitar strings keeping the tarp intact are tearing one at a time. The split widens and a large eye and teeth appear! Kate attempts the impossible by attacking the shark with a sharpened paddle. Instead, she gets side-swiped by its tail! Kate is thrown clear onto the other side of the wing... She’s been stunned by the impact making it hard to regain her senses. Luis puts another arrow in the crossbow but drops it in his haste... He tries to catch it but it slides on the metal and falls into the water... He reloads, but he’s only got one left after this. Luis pulls back on the bungee and aims at the shark’s head, when- A violent vibration shakes the wing forcing his shot astray. The passengers hold each other desperately trying to stay out of the water. The shark has wiggled itself to the edge- It’s close to being free. Gary sees Kate’s harpoon next to him. He grabs the weapon, stands, and lifting the harpoon above his head- BUT ANOTHER VIOLENT TAIL WHIP foils his attack. Gary and all of his extra pounds are thrown into the air creating a big splash in the water! Jonah, who couldn’t give a shit about him, is the first one to assist. Gary and Jonah lock hands. Lisa and Omar help pull him back onto the wing. Kate finally gets to her feet. This battle is far from over. The great white is like an insane prisoner trying to escape a straightjacket. Little by little he re-tears the tarp held together with the guitar wire. It will not hold much longer. Soon, its entire mouth will be exposed! But Ashley has also been driven to insanity and rage since Jason’s death. She gathers her courage and despite her wounded leg- Dives towards the shark stabbing the flute into its head! Then stabs again!! Blood flies everywhere! Then a third time right in the eye!!!! The animal contorts wildly... Ashley barely gets away... The great white has shimmied itself all the way to the edge of the wing and finally FALLS BACK IN THE WATER. UNDERWATER The flute still stuck in its eye, the shark twists and turns trying to worm itself out of the life raft. BACK ON THE WING The passengers are stunned by Ashley’s attack. The students are still dazed. Ashley is still in shock, traumatized, and covered in blood. She looks at her hands and can’t believe what she just did. Lisa sees the rope stuck in the wing tighten several times. The shark is still alive. Entangled in plastic and rope, the predator continues to struggle, pulling on the wing making it sink into the water. The castaways must hang on to the ledges so as not to capsize. Most lose their weapons and move to the opposite side hoping to create a counterbalance. But they cannot prevent the wing from rising above the water... The wing continues tilting and moving... The great white drags the entire wing through the water as it struggles to free itself. But the more it twists, the more it entangles itself... The rope shortens and the shark reappears on the surface. The castaways can see it below, half submerged, rolled up in rope and plastic! But the shark finally frees its muzzle! Watching this develop from a tilting wing, the castaways panic as they struggle to stay on. Pam is the first to fall from the highest point- A ten feet drop flat on her back... The two little girls follow, screaming. Lisa fights to keep from slipping down the wing. She can’t hold on and slides straight into the sharks open mouth, when- Luis grabs her hand in the nick of time! Arm extended, Luis uses all his strength to keep Lisa alive. It’s Gary’s turn to fall and he splashes next to Pam. With his weight off the wing, it tilts even further... Now it’s become impossible for anyone to hold on and they all fall towards the shark, when-- The rope breaks! The wing splashes back into the water! Another second and they were all shark chum!! But the splash down is brutal, and they all slam against the metal dumbfounded. Omar is the first to stand. He quickly goes to help Pam and Gary out of the water. Omar pulls the two sisters back on the wing. The survivors are exhausted, but they realize- The shark is gone. They did it. Or did they? OUT OF NOWHERE, THE GREAT WHITE RESURFACES SURPRISING EVERYONE!! It lands with its face on the wing- Jaws wide open- 300 teeth ready to finish them off once and for all. Kate is in the wrong place at the wrong time and slides towards the predator’s teeth! There is nothing or anyone to hold her back. She manages to grab the axe as- She lands on the shark’s muzzle! Her feet resting on its outer jaws... Inches away, the rows of razor sharp teeth project outwards reaching for her. Maintaining her balance on the edge of its nose, Kate is literally face to face with death!! She hits the beast with the small axe multiple times. Cutting through flesh like butter. Gaping open cartilage into its perfect grey-white body. But not stopping the three tons monster from attacking. Avoiding another nasty bite, she drops the axe. Her survival instinct kicking in, she rips the flute from its eye and WEDGES IT UPRIGHT IN ITS MOUTH! Having bought some time, she jumps off the shark. However, it’s not in this animal’s DNA to give up, and it snaps its jaws closed with extreme pressure. But, instead of breaking the flute, it tears through the shark, penetrating both ends of its head! The shark stops instantly as if its brain had been hit. Everyone looks on in disbelief. Meanwhile Luis jumps in and swims to Kate’s rescue. She can only manage to nod, too exhausted to even talk. Out of breath, they climb back on the wing to survey the dead shark with the other passengers. The marine monster rests partially on the wing wrapped in rope and plastic tarp. Its head impaled with a silver flute. Not only have they survived a plane crash, but they have also survived the greatest shark attack ever caught on film! The shark’s body slowly slides along the edge before slipping into the water. Suddenly it starts to wriggle... and then, all at once... The carcass disgorges something out of its gaping wound... Newborn sharks. A dozen pups squirming free into the water, biting through yolk sacs, almost immediately able to swim... Submerging out of sight. As the survivors stare with incredulity... UNDERWATER In slow motion, the mother predator glides towards the abyss... The wing floating above gets further away as the shark sinks into the darkness. BACK ON THE WING Still, it’s a bittersweet victory. They all know that their ordeal is far from over. If they don’t get rescued soon, they’ll die regardless. Luis falls to his knees close to Kate. Omar and Kate share a look of concern. They both know that without his medicine Luis will not last much longer. After everything they’ve gone through, Luis can’t even stand. He lays on the wing with his head resting on Kate’s knees. Luis watches the last rays of sunlight disappearing into the ocean. The music teacher enjoys every second of this beautiful sight. Kate caresses his hair... Luis forces a smile and squeezes Kate’s hand, not sure if her words will matter at this point. The soft, warm light of sunset appears on their faces. The purple, orange, and pink colors blend in a perfect symphony, shimmering on the peaceful waters... The castaways contemplate the sunset from their makeshift boat... Luis is dead. He died in the middle of the night. His lifeless body is watched over by his remaining students: Lisa, Jonah and Ashley along with his survivors family: Kate, Margo & Charlotte, Omar, Gary and Pam. They share a tear in silence, holding hands. Lisa chokes up wanting to say a few words- She starts crying. Omar comforts her. A full sun blazes up above. The vastness of the blue sky rivals that of the Pacific extending out as far as the eye can see. In the middle, a white dot floats adrift. The bodies of the sleeping castaways are sprawled about the wing. Exhausted, dehydrated, and sunburnt skin, it’s hard to tell the living from the dead. Gary's hand drags across the surface of the water. His pruned fingers move slowly in the relentless swell. A slight hiss escapes Kate’s cracked lips. Is she still breathing? Still alive? Suddenly, a shadow casts across her face. It widens to cover the entire wing and its passengers... Muffled sounds of voices speaking a foreign language travel in the breeze. With great effort, Omar opens an eye to see a crew of fishermen silhouetted by the sun above him. Their trawler approaches the makeshift raft to rescue them. Omar wants to scream and wake the others, but his throat is too dry. He reaches out to Kate and shakes her but she’s motionless. He shakes her again- Her eyeballs move slowly under her eyelids. In this sensory fog, she discerns the face of A LITTLE GIRL leaning over her. It’s Juliette, her daughter, who smiles tenderly and leans in to whisper- She closes her eyes. But when she opens them again, she realizes it’s Margo. The little girl is speaking again. The little girl is shoving her, trying to wake her. Kate turns her head to discover the silhouetted rescuers. Kate is still. Unable to move. Unable to cry tears of joy. But now she knows, from the bottom of her heart, that her little girl is waiting for her mommy to come home.