 Current Draft By Joe Carnahan WIDE On a high-end high-rise hotel suite on the city’s upper west side. Suddenly A SNIPER RIFLE rises into FRAME. Its SCOPE assuming our field of vision. Blurred at first, then gradually focusing and bringing A SHADOWY FIGURE into sharp refrain. He’s in the corner room on the 15th floor. The windows are smoked but his silhouette is very much visible. The cross-hair reticle alights on his form. Tracking him tightly. Assuming his movements around the room. The SNIPER settles their weight into a bi-pod just off the window sill. Shouldering the stock and steadying their aim. A GLOVED FINGER curls around the trigger. A HAZEL EYE is magnified through the opposing end of the scope. It appears to be female. THE SHADOWY FIGURE moves purposely around the suite. The SHADOWY FIGURE, his back to us, is speaking to someone on an encrypted cell. WE SEE a wide array of military-grade WEAPONRY laid out, pre-action. Back in the sniper’s nest, tracking the Shadowy Figure. A finger tightens over the trigger. WE HEAR her draw in a deep, practiced, steady inhalation, the reticle locking over the Figure’s moving form--  KID’S VOICE (V.O.) --A FLASH-- the window in the distance spiders. The SHADOWY FIGURE crumbles, disappearing from the scope. The Figure lies prone. Shot dead.  KID’S VOICE (V.O.) ON SCREEN WE READ: NAME: KYLE ANSLOW CODE NAME: “ALOKA” A PHOTO remains locked in “Aloka’s” grip: A handsome, African-American man, receiving a commendation...Rivulets of blood stream over his IMAGE as WE CUT TO: KY SHIELDS, 5, runs around with his arms stretched out in front of him and an ACTION FIGURE, gripped in each hand.  KID’S VOICE He clashes the man and woman action figures together-- He runs into DAVID SHIELDS, late 30’s, his father...and we realize right away that this is the same man we saw in the shadowy figure’s photo. David possesses all the outward pleasantries of a mild- mannered, fatherly figure but we sense something deliberately contained beneath it...something dark and dangerous that he let go and left behind, long ago... He scoops up his son with a big smile. Ky stares in wonder at the female action figure in his hand as David sets him down at the kitchen table. Ky nods and resumes battering the action figures off of one another while providing that rambling, impossible to follow play-by-play only a 5 year old mind can conjure. David then notices a bruise on the back of Ky’s neck. Ky whirls in circles with his action figures, shrieking-- --David draws Ky over to him, interrupting his play-- Ky’s little face, already flushed with effort, darkens still. His breathing slows, he casts his eyes down. Ky stares at his feet for a moment. David examines the bruise. Ky shakes his head “no”. David, his jaw tightening as he nods to himself and pulls his son into a brief but reassuring embrace. David abruptly tickle-seizes his son, sending Ky into hysterics as he squirms from his father’s grasp-- Ky continues to squeal with laughter as David upends him and hangs him upside down, still tickling him. David sets Ky down, who weaves unsteadily as his father gently ushers him off toward the bathroom. David stews, staring off, cracking his knuckles -force of habit- one by one... The type of bland, homogenized neighborhood you only see in stock real estate photos. A generically pleasant suburban housing tract...Every home a cookie-cutter of the one preceding it. David and Ky rush toward his car, a beat-up grey Pontiac parked in the driveway. David starts the car, adjusting the mirror. David stammers, can’t think of an quick response. David, struggling, mightily... David sighs, decides to level...gotta-learn-sometime-son. David reacts. Viola! David dials up his “LIONEL RICHIE” playlist and starts thumb scrolling songs. He pauses at “TRULY”, considers it...but something about this song gives him pause... ...and he scrolls past, punches another selection and “SAIL ON” begins. Ky starts singing along, word-for-word. The boy’s got some pipes and Dad is duly impressed! Little boys playing basketball, which looks a lot more like a full contact sport. It’s the 4th quarter and with only 2 minutes left to play. It’s a blowout. Ky checks into the game now for the first time. David puts his hands together for his son. A gym-muscled MEATHEAD DAD with frat tats, scoffs. David kinks, gazing down at the man. Meathead turns around, glaring up, flexing his forearms. The gathered parents titter nervously against the rising tension. Meathead exults his own son as a plus-sized kid with a bleach-blonde faux-hawk, brings the ball up court. David feels his blood go hot. Meathead swivels back, fixes David with a Fuck You sneer. Meathead lunges to his feet, clambering up the bleachers so aggressively that gasps escape more than one parent in anticipation of something horrible about to happen. David doesn’t budge, gazing up into this violent, vein- bulged visage BOOMING down at him like a bull-horn-- David lowers his eyes-- a gesture which creates the same immediate dread as a shark’s fin breaking the surface. Meathead is perplexed, put off, trying to look tough but realizing he’s wandered in too deep. David glowers up. --Now David realizes that the game has ground to a halt as most of the gathered crowd, as well as the kids on the floor, are focused on this confrontation in the stands. Meathead realizes that this lapse works in his favor, then sees David’s gaze soften and seizes on this shift. Ky. Wide-eyed. Hands frozen over his mouth in confusion. The buzzer SOUNDS now as play resumes. David rises and clambers down the bleachers. Ky can feel his father’s vibrating anger as they walk toward their car and wants only to alleviate it. Ky, this pressurized pause, his curiosity set on edge. They continue walking. Ky then just randomly asks: This snaps the tension at once. David busts out laughing-- Ky grins up at his Dad like the-cat-who-ate-the-canary. David finishes shaving, shirtless. His upper body is criss-crossed with keloid scarring and covered with what appears to be ancient puncture wounds, healed over ugly. WE SEE two small EARBUD IMPLANTS on the sink basin that David gingerly slips into each ear. Ky sit in the bathtub, absently playing with his action figures, his mind more on his father’s scarring... David suddenly seems like a much older man in this moment...something buried behind those eyes...a loss...deep and indelible... Ky lays his little head against the side of the tub. David sits down on the toilet opposite the tub, rubbing his son’s head as the only measure of comfort he’s capable of...clearly the subject of “Momma” comes up with a frequency that both troubles and frustrates him... David’s eyes glaze over as he gazes off at some indeterminate point in his past...as this is a story that he’s told and retold but one that he seems to still Ky is perfectly still, hinged on his father’s every word. ...and David begins tapping the side of Ky’s head, softly, rhythmically... A long silence stretches as David continues to gently tap out the cadence of a heartbeat, finally, he glances down to find his son sound asleep. He smiles to himself, retrieving a towel from the rack. David lays wide awake with Ky passed out next to him. Sleep is a stranger that only visits occasionally. He gazes at the shifting, kaleidoscopic patterns of passing car lights, strafing the ceiling above him. He checks the time on his phone: 4:03 AM. He closes his eyes, only to reopen them a second later...his mind a million miles away from this moment. He retrieves his Earbud Implants from the nightstand and plugs them in, connecting the Bluetooth. The previous playlist comes on...LIONEL RICHIE’S “STILL”. David doesn’t change it...or attempt to fight off the strange swell of emotions that follow as he hits PLAY... ...the song ends and David finally closes his eyes. David is speaking with a TELLER and going over his statement. Ky is plopped down at his feet, playing with his action figures. David indicates a particular charge-- The teller gestures, indicating David and then herself... Ky stands, slowly wandering away from the counter as he spins around the lobby, playing with his action figures. WE SEE the front door open behind him and three MEN enter, blurry and out of focus as they approach. Ky continues backing away, engrossed in his action figures, until he bumps into one of these MEN and wheels around, looking up-- --and into the glowering blue eyes of A BANK ROBBER in a ski-mask, who raises an AR-15 and FIRES a short burst into the air-- --Ky flinches and CRIES OUT, dropping his action figures--  --EVERYBODY DOWN! THIS IS A ROBBERY! This happens faster than anyone else can process.  KEEP YOUR HANDS WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM.  ANYBODY MOVES GETS SHOT! --A flash panic of pure terror as PATRONS STARTLE/SCREAM-- --David spins back as he realizes that Ky isn’t with him. The SECURITY GUARDS raise their hands as the bank robbers put them behind the barrels of their assault rifles. Bank Robber #2 waves his weapon at CUSTOMERS in line, motioning them DOWN. They cower, knitting their hands behind their heads and lowering themselves to the floor. David is slow to comply and even slower to kneel. He finally SPOTS Ky across the lobby and calls out for him. A terrified Ky turns to find his father beckoning him. Bank Robber #1 closes on David, training his aim on him. David implores the man, gesturing to Ky. Bank Robber #1 racks the bolt, charging the weapon. --The Bank Robber turns to Ky and points the gun at him-- Ky, frozen, his tear-streaked eyes etched with a horror that David will never forget... ...a horror that erases his own, in an instant. Now David intones, with nothing but menace in his VOICE-- Bank Robber #1 scoffs mockingly and begins advancing on Ky, bringing his AR-15 up to a pre-fire chin-weld, the barrel about to be pressed into Ky’s skull-- --Ky’s small voice is now the only thing David can hear-- ...David reaches up now and purposely removes both of his earbuds, which submerges us in this strange aural SOUNDSCAPE where all the surrounding clamor and chaos of the bank ebbs away to nothing... ...he breathes in deep, his entire being seeming to supercharge with this bristling, brutal energy. He reopens his eyes now, locking gazes with Ky... And Ky does just that, quietly, these stray tears spilling down as he shuts his eyes tightly and brings his hands up to cover his ears as WE SMASH CUT TO BLACK. OVER BLACK BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! CHAOS. SCREAMS. SHRIEKS. SHELLS CLATTER. BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! A BODY DROPS.  I’M GONNA KILL YOU, YOU MOTHERF-- Just this soft whimpering that falls away. This odd, charged stasis takes hold...the surrounding bank falls utterly silent as WE SLOWLY FADE UP ON: KY. His eyes still closed. His ears still covered. Muzzle smoke lingers, drifting through FRAME as THE CAMERA TRACKS INTO KY as he’s hoisted up and into his father’s arms. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ERUPT Ky opens his eyes to see the shocked faces of the BANK PATRONS and STAFF, who abruptly applaud David’s heroics-- --then he SEES blood and the wounded bank robbers, lying strewn around the lobby. David quickly shifts his own body to shield the scene from his son. David glances away from Ky and meets the awestruck gaze of MEATHEAD DAD, Lonnie’s father, standing there, still in line, slack-jawed, piss-puddled, too scared to clap. David, dead-eyed, unblinking, encourages the gesture with his own hands and Meathead abruptly snaps to and begins applauding wildly, with encore-like zeal and enthusiasm. One of the EMPLOYEES has his I-Phone out, recording. David notices, tenses, motions for the man. The grateful employee is more than happy to oblige until David snatches the phone away, smashing it on the floor-- --David spots the CCTV SECURITY CAMERAS now, arrayed around the bank...and they’ve captured everything-- Dread seizes hold as he turns and hustles Ky out of the bank-- --and right into a gun-toting swarm of gung-ho POLICEMEN.  --HANDS! LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS! David makes a concerted effort to raise his hands while trying to hold his son but he’s not moving fast enough for the advancing, adrenalized officers-- I SAID GET ‘EM UP! HANDS! HANDS! Bank Patrons are now filing out of the bank to the commotion involving David and Ky-- A loaded beat ensues, crackling with tension... ...the Officers finally relent and allow David to pass but not before-- David feels a softball-sized lump rise in his throat when he hears mention of those security tapes. He nods curtly and continues toward his car with Ky in tow as WE CUT TO: The on-scene OFFICERS huddle around a monitor...The security footage is queued up. As the playback begins, WE SLOWLY ZOOM IN until we’re... ...Back in the bank: Living out the robbery in real time. BACK ROBBER #1’s finger curls over the trigger of that AR-15 as Ky shuts his eyes and covers his ears. What happens next is shocking and savage and over in seconds. David MOVES with tremendous speed, sliding alongside Bank Robber #1 and smashing the AR-15 upward with the heel of his hand which spins the rifle around-- --allowing David to seize the buttstock, jam his own finger into the trigger guard and FIRE-- BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! --The AR-15 is discharged right into the man’s sternum, his body armor absorbing the barrage of bullets but knocking him senseless all the same. He’s blown backwards but not before David relieves him of the 9mm GLOCK on his right hip. David wheels on BANK ROBBER #2, siting him down, watching as he lifts his own weapon up and takes aim-- David has him dead-bang, burning the Glock’s mag full. BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! And shredding both knees. The Bank Robber SQUEALS as he collapses in a heap. An astute SECURITY GUARD slides David his sidearm, a .38 snubnose revolver that skates across the floor toward him as Bank Robber #3 stalks across the lobby, bringing his weapon around--  --I’M GONNA KILL YOU, YOU MOTHERF-- David dives, grabs the .38 with his off-hand and FIRES-- BAM!BAM!BAM! Bank Robber #3 is struck in both legs and capsizes, crashing to the floor and clutching his legs with a whimpering whine. David glances back at the Security Guard and nods his thanks. The guard grins back, bobbing his head enthusiastically. David turns back to Ky, still standing there, stock still. His eyes closed. His ears covered. David crosses over to him, lifting him aloft. Ky does. The bank exults in applause as WE CUT BACK TO: A stunned beat as they all stare in awe at the monitor. Off the room’s shared astonishment WE CUT TO: A MAN does exhaustive yet metronome-like laps. Each stroke measured, precise and near-perfect as he glides the length of the lap pool and back. SUPER: RESTON, VIRGINIA JACK CINDER, late 50’s, seasoned beltway vet with an air of former spook about him. A former CIA ‘Trouble-Shooter’ turned Republican appointed Secretary Of Defense. Cinder is a master of the trade-craft and was the Pentagon’s go-to-guy for high level blowback, risk assessment and ‘plus level’ security threats. He pulls himself from his final lap, his physique that of a marathon runner as two excitable Pit bulls named “ADAMS” & “MADISON” scuffle and skitter at his feet. He grabs a towel and makes his way over to a table inside an outdoor cabana, where a small cooler awaits. Cinder sits. The dogs compete for his attention. The Pits yip and yowl until he produces a raw steak which instantly turns them into ramrod-stiff, still-lifes, their finely muscled flanks quivering in anticipation. The dog on his right extends his paw. Cinder shakes it. He then tosses him the T-Bone. He turns to the other dog. The other dog extends his paw. Cinder shakes it and tosses him the steak. The two Pits tear the meat apart. Cinder’s wife LORRAINE appears on the back patio.  Wears sandals with socks. The dogs begin baying their approval. Cinder catches a NEWSCAST playing on the big-screen mounted on the Cabana’s wall. “The Cuomo Hour” on CNN. He unmutes it-- ON-SCREEN, a collection of Democratic REPS from the House and Senate, buzz around a podium, delivering stern admonishments and warnings. Two of Cinder’s three cellphones buzz urgent. He answers the more impressive looking of the pair. He listens. This long twisting frown begins to form, then sour into a scowl...whatever news he’s receiving is ruining his day. He angrily thumbs water from the face of his wristwatch-- Cinder clicks off. Lorraine has returned to the patio. Cinder fixes his wife with deadpan glare. She laughs, a little innocently, a little mockingly. She goes back inside. Cinder turns to his dogs. ...he tosses the last steak on the ground, letting the dogs duel for it, snapping and tearing... MARVELLA “AUNTIE” MASON and ARTHUR “UNC” BRYANT, former special operators, still contracting for Uncle Sam. They’re posted up in a park, on surveillance detail. UNC, mid-40’s, plays pick-up ball with a younger crew. He’s struggling, dragging ass up and down the court. He’s watched with appropriate skepticism and scorn by a AUNTIE, 30’s, who offers unsolicited coaching tips as he hobbles by the bleachers: He waves her off, winded, trailing a fleeing fast break. Auntie keeps one eye on him and the other on a pair of sunglassed, SHADY SLEAZEBALLS, speaking with their backs turned to one another, so it doesn’t appear as though they’re together, or in conversation at all. Auntie lifts a Nikon and snaps the pair on the sly, her right ear plugged into a MINI DIRECTIONAL MICROPHONE as she tracks and records the pair. WE PICK UP THEIR CHAT: --Auntie scribbles notes furiously, never looking down at the notepad on the bench next to her. ON THE COURT Unc is gassing out fast but even doubled over, huffing and puffing, he still calls for the ball, relentlessly. Unc catches a cross-court pass and heaves a loooong three from five feet beyond the arc, hitting nothing but iron. Unc lumbers back on defense slowly, rolling out both wrists like he still needs to warm up his stroke. He passes Auntie again. She notes his condition. The entire court GROANS. Unc curses, limping over to her. The bitching and moaning from the other players crescendos and Unc returns to the court for the inbounds. The YOUNG KID he’s guarding is bringing the ball up the court. Unc bodies up, hand checking him, aggressive. The kid crosses Unc over not once but twice, then blows by and rips a posterizing windmill dunk off the baseline. Unc, still sprawled on the asphalt, is slow to get up. The young kid shit-talks and taunts him immediately.  YOUNG KID Auntie moans her disappointment as her phone chimes with an odd ring tone. She tenses. Checks. A SECURITY PROMPT gets her full attention. She sits up, suddenly frosty as she enters an extended series of numbers into the prompt: The screen reads: TRACE ECHO-- CRYPTO BURST TRANS-- SECURITY INTERCEPT-- She SEES telltale top secret data material/burst transmissions stamped with JSOC and CIA clearances. --Then...the CCTV security footage from the bank plays. She goes ashen, her hand covering her mouth. A rough, calloused hand skins a dead deer with a K-Bar. A vibrating buzz emanates from a backpack. The hand sets the knife down and retrieves a SAT-PHONE. A security challenge appears. The hand punches in a code. The CCTV security camera footage from the bank plays. The hand returns the phone to the backpack and hoists it aloft. ON SCREEN WE READ: CODE NAME: “CSYGOD” A pair of hands featuring BLOOD RED NAILS apply make-up to an unseen face. Her phone buzzes. She checks it. A security challenge appears. She punches in her code. The Woman spins on her heels and exits post haste. ON SCREEN WE READ: CODE NAME: “ANINO” STATUS: ACTIVATED A crooked smile. Butter brown. Tombstone-shaped teeth. Grease-smudged glasses set atop A FACE we can’t completely SEE. This man’s phone BUZZES and RINGS. He checks it. Clears the security challenge. The CCTV security camera footage from the bank plays. ON SCREEN WE READ: NAME: KYLE ANSLOWddfdf CODE NAME: “SCATH” STATUS: ACTIVATED A phone buzzes on the desk. An ANONYMOUS WOMAN checks it. A security challenge appears. She punches in her code. The CCTV security camera footage from the bank plays. She checks the time, then crosses to an attic ladder above. She pulls it down and reveals that the ladder itself has been replaced by a ROW OF HIGH-TECH WEAPONRY. ON SCREEN WE READ: NAME: KYLEsfdfdf ANSL CODE NAME: “MORITI” STATUS: ACTIVATED A MAN. Hulking. Huge. His face buried beneath a wide- brimmed herder’s hat. He trades thousands worth of “Baht” (Currency) with a bustling throng of GAMBLERS and BETTORS as two MUAY-THAI COMBATANTS beat one another senseless inside the ring. The man’s phone chimes. He retrieves it. A security challenge appears. He punches out a code. The man rears up, dumping a handful of Baht into the crowd and creating a temporary melee as he exits the stands. ON SCREEN WE READ: CODE NAME: “VARJO” A WOMAN. Her face unseen but we recognize those HAZEL EYES. She suns herself. Her phone buzzes. She ignores it. It alerts again. The ring tone has changed. It chills her. She snatches up the cell hastily, consulting the screen: “K........SECURITY INTERCEPT. CINDER ALERTED. FULL ACTIVATION.........AUNTIE” WE HEAR HER VOICE NOW... She clicks the secured link. The CCTV security camera footage from the bank plays. She watches it intently, rapt, absorbing every detail. The playback concludes. She immediately rises up and rushes off as WE CUT TO: David races down the highway, ignoring the posted speed limits as he tries to put as much distance between himself and the incident at the bank as possi-- --WOOP WOOP--! --A short strobe blast from a police siren, issued from the STATE TROOPER that’s pulled in, directly behind them. Ky turns to SEE the Cruiser tailgating him. A SPOTLIGHT blasts in hot, casting everything glare white. Another bleat from the siren prompts David to pull over... Ky nods nervously as David adjusts the side-view mirror. The TROOPER, an ancient silver moustache with mirrored sunglasses, saunters up the shoulder toward the car. David braces for the worst. The Trooper taps the window. David rolls it down and without any preamble, says... --the Trooper interrupts him. David turns. The Trooper grins down, extending his hand-- --David, dumbfounded-- what-the-fuck-is-thi-- David, his hand being vigorously shaken by the Trooper. The trooper releases his vise-like grip. The Trooper pats David on the arm. One last meaningful arm pat and then the Trooper departs. David nods absently as he restarts the car. Ky is too young to glean the import of this comment. Ky brightens at this suggestion. The Trooper’s cruiser passes them. David waits, watching its tail-lights fade. He turns to Ky, forces a smile. Ky nods and David flips a quick U-Turn, speeding away. Cinder stalks through a series of armed security clearances, taking him deep into the working parts of the United State’s covert intelligence community. He removes a .380 SMITH & WESSON from his rear waistband as he’s wanded and cleared through a metal detector. Flanking him step for step are PARKER and PATRICK, late 20’s. Think the Winklevoss Twins but not as creepy. Patrick hands Cinder an I-PAD with the bank footage: Cinder stops walking, his mind spinning, then, softly... Patrick, oblivious to the Boss’s clear internal torment-- --Cinder’s anger suddenly flares red-fucking-hot-- Parker and Patrick shrivel as one, taken aback by the outburst...Cinder’s rage subsides now but only slightly--  the IC tracking her in real time.  no movement at all. FIGURES move swiftly and quickly along the property line. A FIVE PERSON TEAM in blackout camo and balaclavas take down David’s back door with soundless precision and sweep inside, WEAPONS UP, clearing the home, room by room. QUICK CUTS as the TEAM collects and bags a miscellany of items from PHONE BILLS to PHOTOGRAPHS. They torch a small personal safe and find multiple PASSPORTS with David’s photo in each one and various aliases attached. The TEAM exfils, melting back into the midnight shadows. David’s home begins to burn behind them as WE CUT TO: David slows as he makes a left turn down a rural switchback, driving for several miles until arriving at a remote wooded area with no access road. He jostles a sleeping Ky in the passenger seat. Moving at great speed through the countryside. WE SEE those same HAZEL EYES behind the wheel. She’s texting someone across a encrypted DST line. The letters immediately scramble as they’re typed out... ...UNC...NEED OPTIONS. BOY PRIMA...-- Auntie and Unc angle up to the head of the huge line formed out in front of the club. They’re waved in by the doorman, FRITZ: 6’5, minutely muscled and slavishly styled with a distinct, Southern Belle’s disposition. Fritz takes Auntie’s hand, kissing it and then ghetto- claps Unc like they’re back on the block. Auntie pulls out a series of PHOTOS...WE RECOGNIZE the two SHADY SLEAZEBAGS from the park. Fritz scrutinizes the photos, recognizes them, scoffs-- A group of rowdy, FRAT TYPES press up to the velvet rope at that moment. Fritz excuses himself momentarily. Fritz drops the sugar-coated Scarlet O’Hara act and gets straight HOOD. The metamorphosis is amazing-- A TOW-HEADED SURF PUNK asks meekly-- A short, goatee’d TOAD pipes up. Auntie and Unc smother a laugh. Fritz turns back, winking at Auntie and Unc. The frat boys convene, a TRUST FUND type in a pink polo with a shot collar digs out a BLACK AMEX and palms Fritz. --Unc’s cellphone pings, he steps away, checking it: UNC...NEED OPTIONS. BOY PRIMARY CONCERN. PLEASE HELP.....K. Unc enters a separate set of digits in an overlay that erases this incoming message. WE SEE his SCREEN pixelate and then reform as he types: ....HAVE OPTIONS...BURN CURRENT CELL...STAY OFF CIV COMMS......UNC. He then powers down his phone, glancing over at Auntie. She sees his expression and quickly crosses over to him, asking cryptically--  She’s moving. EXT. WOODED AREA - NIGHT - LATER David walks along the road, holding Ky’s hand and shining a flashlight over a series of REFLECTIVE TREE MARKERS. The beam finds one marker in particular. Its number has been removed. David hands Ky the flashlight and crosses to the tree, gripping the trunk and lifting it aloft... ...it isn’t rooted. Behind it, is a narrow dirt path. David eases the car down the path, which gradually constricts with vegetation, battering and scraping the vehicle with passing branches. David leans across the steering wheel, peering out into the path as it finally dead ends. He turns to Ky. Cinder, Patrick and Parker enter. The room is comprised of buttoned down, AGENCY/ANALYST TYPES and beige-colored, bureaucratic CONGRESSIONAL COGS. Cinder stops cold, spinning back to Patrick, tightly--  investigation has everyone nervous. Cinder turns back to the room, Parker begins making introductions which Cinder immediately short-circuits-- --Cinder points back at Parker, cueing him--  And how does this David Shiel-- The Bureaucrat, chastened, clams up. Cinder inhales, gathers himself, appears to collect his thoughts and then...blank-- Patrick and Parker, ever vigilant and at-the-ready. Cinder, pissed this narrative thread is now eluding him-- A stagnate beat. The room uncertain as to how to react. Cinder. Eureka! Cinder utters “Kyrah Owens” like he just took a big bite of something rotten that he can’t spit out. IMAGES of David and Kyrah begin cycling past on a large VIDEO SCREEN directly behind him. --Cinder pauses as he fends off some internal turmoil. It’s as if the mere mention of Kyrah’s pregnancy damaged some deeper part of him...this is one of the more smugly chipper CONGRESSIONAL COGS asks: Cinder, never in a mood to mince words. The bluntness of this edict seems to unsettle the Cog. An ANALYST chimes in. Cinder jabs a finger at Parker, who’s initially confused-- --Cinder jabs that same finger back at Parker with twice the force, halting him mid-sentence-- Cinder can feel the temperature in the room rising. The second-guessing and armchair quarterbacking, imminent... ...And with that, Cinder exits. Patrick and Parker trade a quick, almost conspiratorial glance and then follow him out. Their path lit by the flashlight function on David’s I-Phone. He keeps Ky close as they maneuver along, wading through brackish water. A false floorboard pops open. David’s head pokes through, the flashlight follows, moving around the darkened room. David pulls himself the rest of the way up, rolling onto his feet and quickly crossing to a credenza against the wall, near the entrance. He feels along the lip, presses a release button. The lid rises automatically... ...WEAPONS are secured to its underside. He removes a RHINO 200DS .357 from its housing and tucks it into his waistband, quickly closing the credenza’s lid. David flips the lights on now, illuminating the room. Ky’s head appears a moment later, gazing around. David hoists him up. Ky leaps around anyway, exulting, elated. David smiles weary, half his attention here, the other half mindful of what might be moving around them...and closing in. Father and son devour bowls of Ramen at the table. Ky is eating so ravenously, he’s only able to nod. Ky swallows, setting his fork down... A beat. David nods, chewing, formulating an appropriate reply... Ky nods, nibbles nervously on his lower lip, reluctant to ask this next question...Then: David stops eating...he can SEE this growing anxiety in his son and wants only to alleviate it, immediately. Ky absorbs this. His little eyes beginning to mist. David nods solemnly. David, his mind being implacably pulled back into the murk and madness of his past... Ky gazes unblinkingly at his father. Expectant. Hopeful. David reaches out and rubs his son’s head reassuringly... David showers, head hung. The weight of what he’s feeling isn’t something that hot water has ever washed away. David climbs into bed next to a sleeping Ky, kissing him on the forehead, listening to him breathe. David closes his eyes, trying to drift off to that dulcet rhythm... ...it doesn’t work. He flips on the older console TV atop of the dresser and SEES HIMSELF in CCTV FOOTAGE from the bank, accompanied by a blow-dried talking head’s NEWSCASTER narration. The video has been blurred to obscure the violence. The video shifts to an interview with a local SHERIFF. David clicks off, settling back into bed, his thoughts spooling wildly...keeping him hard-wired and wide awake. --CREAK. David cracks an eye open. CREAK-- it sounds like someone is in the house. He glances over at Ky, who stirs, still asleep. He removes the Rhino Snubnose from the nightstand and carefully climbs out of bed. David moves with a gun like he was born holding one. Precise, practiced, movements, mastered over years of combat and engagement. He sweeps room to room, pure stealth, pistol leading. He reaches the living room and flips the lights on. Nothing. He walks over to the floorboard, it’s been moved-- --Suddenly the pistol is kicked out of his hand from behind. He turns and gets cracked in the face by a masked intruder with HAZEL EYES. She attacks with a steady combo of blows to the head and body, each punch with pop and purpose and vicious intent. David, on his back foot, trying to defend himself, is caught completely off guard this aggression. He’s able to block and parry while getting his bearings, but is being steadily backed across the living room as he attempts to weather and withstand this assault. These barrages are thrown with a fury and anger that seems intensely personal. Now David launches his counter-attack and they really go at it, both of them equally skilled and evenly matched: A full on, expertly fought brawl between two combatants that seem to mirror and mimic one another’s movements-- --then Hazel Eyes lands a spinning round house kick and follows it up by sweeping David’s legs and taking his balance, putting him flat on his back. Hazel Eyes mounts him, ripping her mask off...and WE RECOGNIZE this woman immediately as KYRAH OWENS. David stares up at her, this look of regret and sadness, until he moves, whiplash fast, executing a maneuver that reverses their positions and puts him on top of her. Kyrah bridges upward, wraps her leg around David’s neck and then rolls him over, going for an arm-bar submission. David shifts, postures up and then lifts her aloft with him like he’s going to power-bomb her into the floor. She immediately releases her hold and bounces back to her feet, her hands raised in a traditional guard, her front leg slightly aloft as she advances in a Muay-Thai stance. They’re both ready to launch into one another anew when they notice-- --KY. Standing there. Slack-jawed. Staring at both of them, his action figures frozen in either hand. The sight of her son immediately cancels whatever anger and aggression she’s feeling. Tears slowly fills her eyes as she crosses over to Ky and kneels down. Mother and son regard one another for a sustained moment. Ky looks at Kyrah for a long time, this small smile forming as he utters the following, whisper-quiet... Kyrah smiles, releasing tears. She reaches out and touches her son’s cheek now, softly stroking it. Kyrah shoots a side-eye at David, then returns her gaze to Ky, placing her hands on his shoulders and squeezing, looking nervous and unsettled, her voice warbling... Ky searches her face, his gaze playing over her features carefully, processing something-- then his gaze abruptly shifts down to the female ACTION FIGURE he’s holding in his hand, before returning at Kyrah... ...who looks exactly like the action figure. This gasping, gobsmacked realization comes over Ky and those little eyes beam back at her now, spellbound... ...then he touches her face and says in a voice that reminds Kyrah that there is indeed a God... She nods. Tears fall. Ky, marveling at the sight of “momma”, collapses into her all at once, his little frame melting into her as he begins to buck and sob... David watches this reunion with a mix of melancholy and relief as he begins returning the living room to normal, righting overturned furniture and re-hanging frames... David tucks Ky back into bed. He smiles, whispering up to his father excitedly... David kisses him on the forehead as rises to leave. As Ky’s eyes close shut WE MATCH CUT TO: BABY KY, sleeping in a crib. OFF-SCREEN, WE HEAR arguing coming from another room. David paces. An annoyed Kyrah stares at him. Kyrah plops down in a chair with this long pained sigh... David nods, nervous now, not sure where this is going... David stops pacing, looks positively gut-punched... David’s eyes slam shut. His voice a sharp rasp. David and Kyrah sit across the table from one another. Dead silent. Disengaged. The obvious emotional distance between them seems impossible to bridge at the moment. Finally... Kyrah, this flash of real regret in her eyes... She brings her gaze up on him like a weapon, glowering. He demurs, not wanting to make this situation any worse. Kyrah squeezes her temples, nodding. INSERT: QUICK FLASHES of HUNTING KNIFE, RED NAILS, GLASSES, ATTIC WEAPONS, HULKING MAN. A fear and foreboding floods Kyrah’s eyes as Ky appears, wandering into the living room, rubbing off the sleep. He stumbles toward his mother and capsizes into her... ...he’s snoring a half-second later, still standing. After a moment... David smirks/scoffs with more than a tinge of envy. Kyrah redirects David’s little dig. David death-stares her for that remark but she’s focused on Ky’s face, her hand brushing over its small contours. David gets suspicious. Kyrah studies David now...with more than a measure of skepticism in her eyes. --Kyrah cuts him off with a look, a warning in her eyes-- David de-escalates, realizes his error, goes quiet. Kyrah returns her attention to their slumbering son, sighing. She stares over up at him. Blunt. No bullshit. A charged beat. David’s gaze tightens on her. Now it’s David’s turn to be offended. And with that David stands and stalks out of the room. Kyrah lingers a moment longer, watching Ky sleep...then, listening for his pulse, she begins gently rapping out its rhythm on his cheek... ...beat-beat...beat-beat...beat-beat... WE FOLLOW CINDER, PARKER and PATRICK through a massive, abandoned foundry with derelict structures covering several square miles... ...the perfect place to hide from the world and plot. Arrayed around an ad hoc staging center, chatting with one another...are all five remaining SHADOWS: CYSGOD. MORITI. ANINO. SCATH. VARJO. Three men. Two women...and perhaps the most poised and polished, professional assassins ever assembled. Each of them carries the barb and cold blood of their calling and each of them wield the unmistakable and distinct mien of former Spec Ops: Expert soldiers in every measurable way. Orbiting the perimeter are a motley mix of MERCS and SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE: Two dozen or so guns-for-hire. Cinder arrives, greeting each of his former team with a curt nod and bringing their impromptu reunion to a halt. The Shadows audibly and effusively react to this news. Kyrah and David stand in front of a makeshift gun-range built in the cellar of the Safe House with traditional circular targets and human silhouettes at either end. Kyrah un-holsters her pistol, offering it to David. David stares at her gun. Kyrah withdraws her pistol and re-holsters it as David snaps into action, pulling his own weapon and FIRING a “double tap” downrange. ANGLE ON TARGET: TWO HOLES...spaced less than half an inch apart. David smiles at the result. Kyrah grins, mock-approvingly. --she then snap draws her own sidearm and BLAM-BLAM-- --puts two holes right next to his, these two holes, her “Cold Shot”, overlap and appear as one. Kyrah takes this slight in stride, replies with her own. Kyrah yanks down her right sleeve at the shoulder, revealing a keloid scar, in the shape of a bullet wound. Kyrah exits in a huff, giving David her back. David flips her off, slapping a fresh mag into his gun. He then turns and sends two more rounds down range. BLAM! BLAM! This double tap nearly touches. David shrugs, satisfied. Cinder leads The Shadows into a staging area, indicating the tables that are carefully arrayed with the highest military grade of weapons, explosives, ammunition, etc. Parker and Patrick appear unsettled by this statement. The remaining Shadows begin prepping for the Op. Cinder turns to Parker and Patrick. They nod their nervous acknowledgement. Cinder breaks away, briskly. They follow him at a respectable distance, Patrick retrieving his cellphone and checking something. He looks over at Parker, who consults his phone as well. Kyrah tears the tarp off one of the last of the Muscle Car’s eras true masterpieces: A 1987 BUICK GRAND NATIONAL (GNX). This thing is no bullshit, all business and murdered out in matte black. Ky “oohs” and “ahhs” it as he circles the vehicle. Kyrah nods, popping the trunk and pulling out a stack of LICENSE PLATES. She removes the one attached and replaces it with an ARIZONA PLATE which magnetically affixes.  scans, before the key ever touches the  ignition. Then separate scans for U-V,  FLIR, Thermal and millimeter-wave radar. Kyrah slams the trunk. David grins. Kyrah smiles at Ky as he wraps his arms around her waist. David drives, yawning, dead tired, checking the NAV on his I-Phone. He SEES a WEATHER UPDATE, clicks: HEAVY FOG - 5 MILES AHEAD...But no sign of slowed/stopped traffic. Kyrah occupies the backseat with Ky...Mother and son whisper and giggle with one another, gleefully reestablishing their bond and catching up on lost time. David pops the glove box. It’s stocked with a first-aid kit and road flares. He spots the USB port and plugs in. David absently calls up the last playlist on the I-Phone. It loads...and LIONEL RICHIE’S “TRULY” fills the car-- --David reacts with minor panic and a marked wince, quickly hitting pause, then hastily killing the volume-- David’s eyes dart to the rear-view, meeting Kyrah’s. Clearly some shared history with this particular tune. Kyrah’s gaze shifts back to the rear-view, this sly, shit- eating grin forming... David chortles, nervous, nodding...Kyrah toying with him. Ky persists. Kyrah leans in, enjoying David’s temporary torment. David groans, battling back a scowl as he un-pauses the song and restores its volume. Ky begins belting out the lyrics, beautifully. Kyrah is amazed. David squirms, this pasted on half-smile. Ky continues singing and now Kyrah joins in, full-throated. David, miserable now, swipes one of his earbuds on the sly, removing it from his right ear. This goes unnoticed. WE ASSUME his aural state once again...muffled and muted but somehow elevated and extra-sensory. He can SEE them singing but can barely hear a thing. Strands of FOG begin to appear now and slowly increase. The fog congeals. Thickens like cloud cover. Goes opaque. Headlights refract back glare and zero visibility. David grips the wheel tighter, blasting through banks of it now. Kyrah SEES the onrushing fog and straps Ky in. David kills the high-beams, diminishing the glare, his focus pinpoint and almost preternatural as he wends his way through the thickening banks. He seems to sense something now, some approaching threat, he checks the rear-view, SEES this silvery, shifting mass rushing up behind-- barreling in fast-- --CRUUUNCH-- they’re struck from behind at high speed. HIGHBEAMS are tripped from TWO PURSUIT VEHICLES, blinding the Buick’s cab-- --Ky SHRIEKS, Kyrah instinctively covers him-- David jams the earbuds back in, SOUND POUNDS IN-- --GUNFIRE erupts. Tracer rounds streak past sub- sonically, lighting the fog around them an infernal red-- “MACHINE GUN” By THE COMMODORES begins playing over the stereo, providing an oddly upbeat piece of disco/pop to the brutal running gunfight/car chase that follows. The PURSUIT car plows back into them, steel gnashing and grinding, its engine revving out red-line as both cars duel with one another in a high speed demolition derby. David feels the Buick drift and slide. He rips the wheel right, banking back in from the shoulder and punching it-- unleashing all 740 horses from that V-12 Switchout and putting temporary distance on their pursuers. David swerves around a slow moving CAR that materializes out of the soupy fog suddenly-- --Kyrah acts quickly, pulling out the rear seat down and accessing the trunk. She removes the lid that contained the spare tire compartment. The tire is gone. The space has been modified and reinforced to carry human cargo. Kyrah instructs a terrified Ky to crawl inside. --she snags a pair of “shooter’s cans” (soundproof headphones) and slips them on her son, kissing his forehead reassuringly before returning the lid-- --David, navigating nearly blind through the fog, squinting at the rapidly onrushing road-- Suddenly, GUNFIRE pounds in from above, mushrooming the Buick’s roof, the ballistic armor holding fast against the brief fusillade-- --FLARES begin falling from the sky now, dozens of them, burning these bright orange coronas of light as they strike the road in front of the Buick, hurtling back-- Kyrah reaches up, folds the front passenger seat forward and collapses it. She then tears a kevlar’d section free, revealing the seat itself to be stored with WEAPONS. She grabs a FN F2000 ASSAULT RIFLE, charges it and primes the weapon’s 40mm FN EGLM GRENADE LAUNCHER. David suddenly turns off the headlights. David gazes out at the onrushing road and into the impenetrable fog bank he’s barreling through. Another slow-moving CAR hurtles into view. David reflexively avoids it, slaloming the vehicle at speed. Kyrah straps the seat-belt across her back and leans across the folded seat, targeting the sky above through the T-top, looking for descending flares-- --RANDOM ROUNDS thump in, hitting the trunk. Kyrah stands, aiming back down at the retreating road, tracking movement with her aim-- --liquid, shifting, impossible to pinpoint as their PURSUERS melt in and out of the FOG. Her patience frays into frustration, fast. From the trunk, this small voice, muffled-- Kyrah turns back to David. --David rams the brakes and downshifts, feet-to-the- floor. The car shudders and fishtails, WE ARE LOOKING OVER KYRAH’S SHOULDER as a pursuit VEHICLE appears from nowhere, colliding with their rear-end, bumpers locking-- --Kyrah UNLOADS at point-blank range. The pursuit car’s radiator, grill and headlights DETONATE beneath the barrage. Kyrah strafes the front tires, shredding them, the car bites the pavement at speed-- --Kyrah pumps the grenade launcher THOOMP-THOOMP, putting two 40mm slugs into the wildly careening car-- it EXPLODES, catapulting end over end before barrel-rolling off into the fog. Kyrah, this big Cheshire grin for David when a huge IMPACT knocks her across the seat as another pursuit car rams them blind from the driver’s side. BULLETS blaze point blank from the pursuit car, blackening and bubbling the Buick’s ballistic glass and pocking the side and quarter panels-- --the car bashes back into them-- --David seizes the wheel, struggling to stay on the road, running over the rumble strip. He sees reflectors up ahead, caught in their pursuers headlamps-- --something parked at the side of the road. He sideswipes the pursuit car, sending it onto the shoulder as A BIG RIG, parked in the breakdown lane, appears, too late to avoid-- --the pursuit car swerves to miss it but clips the back end and caroms off, out of control. Kyrah un-clips from her belt, clearing the Buick’s T-Top and taking aim on the retreating road, FIRING fast bursts back down it. Spent brass skates across the backseat. David drives blind. His headlights remain off. The fog flattens out and then thickens again. David’s gaze snaps back to the NAV-- --Hairpin curves loom. Coming up hard. David pops the high-beams and the horizon line behind them lights up like flashbulbs at the Super Bowl-- --their pursuers unleash fusillades of artillery in a blaze of blind-fire. David cuts the headlights again. Kyrah reloads and re-shoulders his assault rifle. Popping back up into a firing position. David eyes the NAV-- curves in less than a quarter mile. They’re running out of time and running out of road. The overburdened car begins to buck and wheeze. Pistons rattling. Engine failing fast. David throws anxious looks at the dash. His speed dipping. RPM’S nose-diving-- --then their right tire suddenly ruptures and blows clear through the front fender. Splayed rubber and steel-belted laminate blast through the cab like shrapnel. The car SLAMS down. Grinds asphalt. The front axle snaps in two as the car goes into a dead spin. The road pitches away. Gravel & bramble assault the interior. The car rams something-- fractured fence post and barbed wire snag the vehicle’s frame as it flips on its roof, rag-dolling David and Kyrah within-- --the car barrel-rolls again as it uprights and finally grinds to an ugly, convulsing halt. Smoke and steam rise from the ruined heap like a mushroom cloud. The engine raps out a death rattle in fried pistons and scorched parts. Kyrah retreats to the trunk to check on Ky. She cracks open the spare tire compartment to find her son a little shaken but still in one piece. She hugs him tightly. After a moment of relative calm and recovery, a SOUND like a snapping ship’s mast seems to spread beneath the car itself... David reaches down and flips on the headlights. Spindrift swirls off a winter white surface in front of them. He glances down at the dying NAV...and SEES that they are presently sitting right in the middle of a lake. The car lurches violently forward and collapses through ICE. The lake was frozen solid and now they’re sinking fast. Kyrah grabs Ky, swimming up and out the shattered rear window as freezing LAKE WATER floods in. As it crests, David takes a deep breath and goes for the glove box. Kyrah lifts Ky up through the ragged hole in the ice. She climbs out next, grabbing up Ky and rubbing him to keep him from going hypothermic and freezing to death. She circles the hole, staring down into the rippling blackness below. Waiting. Dread building by the second... Seconds stretch. Kyrah strains to SEE-- He suddenly breaks the surface. Kyrah hauls him out onto the ice, relieved. David, teeth chattering, drops the FIRST AID KIT onto the ice, then pulls a pair of ROAD FLARES from his coat, sparking one of them. He plants it in the ice, it burns a phosphorous red. They huddle tightly around Ky, desperate to warm him first. It’s the first intimate space they’ve shared in ages and they regard one another now. Former lovers. Inches apart. They draw closer still...then the HILLSIDE behind them alights with the glow of approaching VEHICLES and the steady thrum of ROTORS rise as a CHOPPER approaches. David tosses the flare in the water, extinguishing it as they hustle Ky to the treeline at the edge of the lake. Kyrah snaps back around-- their footprints are visible in the snow, leading away from the lake-- --She debates what do but is forced to duck into the dense forest as the chopper arrives-- Both of them instinctively go for their 9mm sidearms. They drop their clips and jack the slides. Clearing the lake water from both the barrel and the firing mechanism. The chopper circles, its searchlight strafing the surface of the frozen lake, searching... At that moment ENEMY VEHICLES arrive en masse at the edge of hillside. FIGURES disembark. Floodlights pan and arc over the scene. David, Kyrah and Ky huddle in the heavy brush, watching as the chopper’s rotor wash scatters the accumulated snow from the lake’s surface and erases their footprints. David draws them deeper into the brush, away from the lakeside. Kyrah shrugs free, drawing her FN F2000 up and taking aim on the hillside, gazing through the scope-- P.O.V.: KYRAH’S SCOPE - Those FIGURES on the hillside...Kyrah recognizes each and every one...The five remaining SHADOWS. Their former teammates...TOGETHER. Kyrah settles into the weapon now, nuzzling it tight, eye tight to the scope, aim traveling over her former teammates, the crosshairs alighting on each, momentarily. David’s gaze darts to the hillside, then back to Kyrah. Her finger slides from the trigger guard to the trigger. Kyrah agonizes, every part of her wanting to pull that trigger and take her chances...then she feels a tug at her waist and looks down. Ky stares up, his voice low. Kyrah chokes back a sob before shouldering the weapon and scooping him up into her arms. David leads them through the undergrowth as the chopper’s searchlight finally finds the hole-in-the-ice. The chopper holds a tight orbit above as WE SEE the armed convoy on the hillside begin to descend down. David sparks the remaining flare, lighting the mouth of an old earthen cave that seems suitably deep enough for them to hide in. Ky peers out from behind his mother. The scene around the hole-in-the-ice has now taken on all the dimensions and drama of a full-blown clusterfuck. ANINO and MORITI, their cellphones aimed down as they orbit the hole, on a secured VIDEO CALL with Cinder. WE SEE HIM ON-SCREEN, super pissed and stalking down a corridor after being pulled from a black tie event... He disconnects. CYSGOD and SCATH scoff at this demand. VARJO indicates a ARMORED HUMVEE at the edge of the lake. Scath and Cysgod turn. Varjo removes his entire tactical array, stripping down to his skivvies. And with that, Varjo drops feet first into the hole, disappearing into the depths below... The remaining road flare burns out in a roaring blaze of a BONFIRE. David has strung a length of suturing wire from the first-aid kit and secured it to either side of the cave to allow their clothes to dry. Ky is sound asleep, curled up close to the fire and covered in an emergency poncho from the first-aid kit. David and Kyrah sit across from each other...her in just a bra and panties and David shirtless, in his boxers. They are mid-conversation... Kyrah is clearly and deeply troubled by this news. David, this fixed stare, popping his knuckles one by one. David scratches his head, slides closer to the fire. Kyrah scoots closer too and they find themselves sitting side by side now, silently staring into the flames... ...Finally: Kyrah leans against him, letting her head lightly rest on his shoulder. David pauses, considers their current fate...and realizes that she might be right... Kyrah glances up at him with this small, pained smirk. David scoffs, it turns into a short chuckle. Kyrah joins him. Their laughter tapers off, returning them to the crackling pop and hiss of the fire. Kyrah turns toward as WE FLASH TO: David lugs a much younger Ky through the mall, his left arm at his side...A WOMAN’S HAND barely brushes his in passing but WE SEE him react to this moment, and smile... Kyrah stares up at David intently. He stares back. Kyrah, still staring, slowly tilts her head-- and then leans in and kisses him abruptly, unexpectedly. He kisses her back. Things heat up. They break. Nearly breathless. They regard one another in the firelight for what feels like an eternity...Then, she whispers to him, softly... David just touches her face softly...not wanting to spoil whatever this is with words. Then they kiss again, harder, heavier. He pulls her to him now and they entwine quietly, simply, nothing forced, nothing rushed, every breath seemingly synced to this perfect radiance passing between them. Their eyes lock...and they feel their souls touch...at once familiar and frightening... They smile and they cry...and all at once, the time between them seems to dissipate and dissolve and fall away as they disappear into one another... Cinder comes stalking in, in his tux. Furious. Fit to be tied. Patrick and Parker mewl immediate mea culpas-- --Cinder rams an index finger into Parker’s chest-- Cinder begins removing his coat and rolling up his sleeves. He removes that small .380 SMITH & WESSON from his rear waistband, pausing to study his hand a moment... Cinder’s forearms flex as he forms fists. Patrick and Parker remain mute, motionless, fear building in both. --Cinder throws a fast, lacerating right hand that knocks Patrick, flat-on-his-ass. Parker squares on his boss, his instincts hard-wired to fight back, regardless. They circle one another. Cinder feints, then steps in and throws a pinpoint perfect one-two-three combination, the left hook finisher pitching Parker face first into a coffee table and shattering it. Patrick staggers back to his feet and Cinder makes short work of him, beating him senseless until he collapses to the carpet, weaving on his knees, his nose busted flat. Cinder’s cellphone chirps. He retrieves it from his coat. He clicks off, turns to his two bloodied/battered aides. Patrick and Parker help one another to their feet. They lick their wounds, wiping blood on their sleeves and glowering after their boss as he departs. Parker eyes Patrick. Some silent understanding passes between them. Patrick just shakes his head, slowly... David lurches up out of dead sleep. His head on a swivel, snapping around, looking-- --Ky slumbers...But Kyrah is gone...and David seems to silently intuit, all the reasons why... He leaps up and begins gathering his clothes. Kyrah is jammed into the back of a crowded, overheated Greyhound bus, teeming with tourists. She unwraps a cheap burner phone and dials... Cinder performs those same tireless laps in the pool. His dogs anxiously await him near that cooler of raw steaks. His cell buzzes. The ringtone conveys the call’s urgency. He hauls himself from the pool and dries off, answering: Kyrah’s VOICE crackles back over the line. Cinder resists his immediate reaction, letting his anger flare and then quickly fade, then goes purposely still. Kyrah on a burner cell, duffel bag lashed across her back, walking along a busy dock. Kyrah recoils against this sudden rush of fear she feels. Cinder uses a separate cell to start a trace on her. A pause. Charged. There’s a tinge of doubt in her voice that Cinder clocks, triggering his suspicion...and this supposition... We can SEE Cinder mulling this over, his feelings for her mixed but very real and worth rationalizing, right now. Cinder checks his watch. Impatient now. Makes a decision. Kyrah clicks off. Cinder checks the other cell. No trace. Kyrah rips the back off the cell and throws the battery into the water, retrieving another BURNER from her coat. She powers it up as she moves up the dock, past a SIGN: Kyrah begins typing out a specific numerical code into the burner phone... Auntie and Unc, low profile in that same park and surreptitiously recording those same SHADY SLEAZEBAGS...  something howling but high pitched and we Auntie is once again, furiously transcribing this conversation while shaking her head at the same time. Unc’s cellphone suddenly pings. He checks it. Unc nods curtly. Offers no follow up. Auntie waits... Unc points, the Shady Sleazebags are exiting the park. Auntie and Unc slide in, closing their respective doors. A VOICE from the backseat startles them-- Unc checks the rear-view and SEES David and Ky, lying on the floorboard. He puts the van in gear and pulls away. Ky is blissfully unaware of the bubbling tension brewing between the adults-- Auntie & Unc cackle abrupt, then crack up. Can’t help it. Ky grins. Pleased with himself for making the adults laugh. Auntie begins playing “HELLO”. Ky objects right away. --but Auntie calls up “DANCING ON THE CEILING” which Ky loves. David quietly admonishes his son now: Ky nods, mouthing the words silently. David leans up toward Auntie and Unc in the front seat, his tone a low, loaded menace... David leans in tighter, pressing, losing patience now. A grim reality takes shape. One David is struggling with. Kyrah motors into view in a rented Scarab, entering the long shadow of a PRINCESS 30M: A multi-million dollar, one hundred foot “Super-Yacht”, seized by U.S. Customs. Kyrah docks alongside and is helped up onto the stern by Parker and Patrick. She’s quickly pat-frisked for any weapons and cleared. Cinder is waiting for her, looking as regal as a Royal Duke and smoking a Cuban Maduro. Kyrah smiles thin, shaking her head at him. Cinder turns to one of his SHIP STEWARDS, who snaps to attention with a pure-purposed, Pavlovian zeal. rear of a dead-end cul-de-sac. Auntie and Unc disembark. David and Ky slide out of the back-- David primed, eyes peeled, gun flush to his thigh. They reach the front door. Something is tweaking David. The all-too-familiar “fear-tingle” that intuits bad shit. Unc smiles flatly, nodding, like something pre-mediated. Cinder slow burns Kyrah, a look stranded somewhere between anger and lust. She smiles seductively as the Steward returns with a big tumbler of Johnny Walker Blue. She nods, raising the glass toward Cinder. He returns the gesture, then gently sips the whiskey, eyes still locked on her. Kyrah scoffs at him and drains the entire glass. She signals for a refill. The Steward obliges. Kyrah sets her glass down and then slowly saunters over to him, nodding toward Parker/Patrick and the STEWARD. Cinder eyes her lasciviously, reluctant to dismiss them. Kyrah closes the gap, getting into his personal space, pressing up to his chest and whispering softly... Cinder. His eyes ablaze with possibilities. David and Ky enter. Sparsely furnished. Monastic. Temporary. A place designed to be abandoned, post haste. Unc indicates the rear of the house. Ky nods as Unc guides him toward the kitchen. Auntie can tell that there’s something funky about Unc’s behavior... Unc leads Ky toward the kitchen, it feels rushed. Auntie looks back down the hall as David enters the spare room. Cinder waves Patrick/Parker and the Steward away as Kyrah nuzzles into him, her hands wrapping around his waist. He squeezes her tightly, inhaling her. She gazes up at him, sheepishly. Cinder leans down to kiss her. Kyrah halts him with-- --she moves now, fast as a rattlesnake strike, yanking that little .380 SMITH & WESSON from Cinder’s rear waistband, jamming it flush to his chest and FIRING-- --BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM! He’s blown across the deck. Patrick and Parker come rushing in, Kyrah spins back and has them both dead-bang behind the barrel of that .380-- She closes the gap quickly. They can tell she means business and quickly flatten themselves out at her feet. She disarms them both, kicking their weapons away...but failing to realize that Cinder is sitting up behind her, like the unkillable killer in some fucking slasher flick. ANINO & MORITI materialize out of the shadows behind him. David is changing into a fresh set of clothes when he HEARS what sounds like Auntie SHOUTING and then, like a cord had been cut, silence... ...there’s a soft KNOCK on his door. David slowly brings the business end of that pistol to bear on it. ...He waits for a response...none follow...He edges toward the door now, thumbing the pistol’s hammer back. As he reaches it, the door suddenly DETONATES around him. A BATTERING RAM, bashing through and shattering the surrounding jamb. David shields himself as MEN swarm in, quickly overpowering and subduing him-- --Punches and pistol butts rain down. David is beaten bloody, struggling in vain to defend himself. Finally, the blows cease and a battered David gapes up to find a grinning, gargantuan VARJO, looming over... CYSGOD and SCATH and there as well, gloating. David sneers up at them, then stands wobbly. Varjo greets him at the top with a sudden right cross that catches him right on the jaw, rocking him. He reels. Spits blood. Varjo throws another hard shot, but David slips it with suprising speed and counters with a brutal overhand. Scath attacks now but David sidesteps and leg-whips him, cratering his right knee. Scath HOWLS as Cysgod engages with David now, head- butting him from behind and scrambling his senses as Varjo grabs him and slams him halfway through a sheetrock wall...David just smiles, elbowing Varjo in the throat. Cysgod front ball kicks David from behind, then rips concussive hooks to his body, stealing his air. David wheezes hard, weaving toward a hobbling Scath and jutting his chin at him-- --Scath unloads, connecting with a big crashing haymaker that buckles David’s knees and drops him to the carpet. Varjo looms over. David lunges for the THAI PARANG MACHETE he wears around his leg. Varjo unsheathes the blade slowly. --He abruptly brings the hilt end of the blade down on the top of David’s skull, knocking him out cold. Kyrah turns around slowly, SEEING her two former teammates, ANINO and MORITI, advancing on her, automatic weapons chin-welded as they fan out and flank her. Cinder stands, popping open his coat to reveal a KEVLAR VEST, with four smashed slugs, still smoking. He coughs out a pained rasp of a breath. Kyrah raises her hands, dropping the .380. Parker/Patrick pop back up and retrieve their weapons, surrounding her. Cinder, absently touching his vest where he was hit, hand sliding over his abdomen slowly, thoughtfully. His eyes grow vacant, fixed on some far off thought... Cinder cackles now. As Moriti and Anino stow their weapons and assume fight stances. Cinder strips the Velcro off his Kevlar vest and tosses it away, retrieving that Johnny Walker Blue and taking a big tug off the bottle. The three of them clash violently, viciously, and the fighting is high-speed and expert level. The tactics and training that each employ is the sum and substance of years spent as elite, sui generis soldiers. Even outnumbered, two-to-one, Kyrah is formidable and ferocious and her former teammates must work in tandem to ultimately take her down and subdue her. As the conflict subsides, Cinder is there, staring down at his former fling, this flinty look of pity for her... ...then he brings his boot down, bashing her unconscious. BLACK Kyrah, coming to, groggy, shackled to a deck chair, a strong swirling wind kicking up, enveloping her. She cracks open her eyes and SEES an AIRBUS/EUROCOPTER EC 120B HELICOPTER, touching down on the larger deck above. A GO-FAST BOAT arrives at the same time, docking off the Starboard side of the vessel. DAVID disembarks the chopper, bruised and battered, flex- cuffed and led at gunpoint by CYSGOD. SCATH and VARJO climb down from the main canopy’s pilot/co-pilot seats. David meets Kyrah’s gaze, despondent, despaired. Kyrah’s stomach drops like dead weight, her throat going dry, the horrible realization that her son is nowhere in sight-- --then, Ky is there, looking fragile and frightened, until he SEES his mom and dad...and then the briefest bit of relief flashes across his little face. He waves at them... ...and it breaks David and Kyrah’s hearts on the spot. Kyrah manages a smile for her son as he’s marched past. Patrick and Parker guide Ky toward the aft stairs. He keeps looking back at his parents as he’s led away. The Shadows strip off their gear, setting their weapons on a large dining room table and sitting down behind it. David is shoved down next to Kyrah and shackled alongside. They regard one another, their injuries, etc. Auntie arrives, in cuffs, trailed by Unc...who is not. Kyrah scowls. Cinder smiles, handing Unc a PELICAN CASE. Auntie is placed in a chair opposite Kyrah and David. Unc lingers behind her. David stares daggers through him. MERCS arrive on deck now, carrying larger PELICAN CASES and placing one in front of each of the five remaining SHADOWS: CYSGOD. VARJO. SCATH. ANINO. MORITI, who each pop their case and confirm their identical payouts. David gapes over at Kyrah, confused. She nods back numbly. The Shadows chuckle spitefully. Cinder crosses to our couple now, relishing their defeat, reveling in it. They rattle their restraints, lunging up at him-- Kyrah shifts tact, tries to reason with Cinder now, desperate to save her son. Cinder scoffs, turning his back on them. Cinder returns, kneeling down to face her, gloating. Cinder stands and turns back as Patrick and Parker return to the fore deck...but Ky isn’t accompanying them... Cinder bristles. His big moment being ruined. Patrick and Parker simultaneously produce .45 AUTOS from their suit coats and take aim on their now former boss-- Cinder seems suspended in place, frozen, dumbfounded. Patrick and Parker slowly fan out on either side of him. Everyone seems stunned and shocked by this plot twist-- The Shadows get cagey quick. Leone-like leers aimed at Patrick and Parker-- Kyrah and David can SEE Cinder reeling and unraveling and quickly spike that situation, adding their own spin-- --Scath moves suddenly, whiplash fast, going for his gun-- --Parker kills him before he clears his holster with a single shot to the head. Scath collapses onto the table, pulling his Pelican case over on top of himself and dropping to the floor, dead. There is a veritable arsenal on the table, at arm’s length...and none of them seem keen on “going quietly”. This situation is quickly going from a simmer to a boil. David and Kyrah begin to laugh, a titter that turns tidal and gradually becomes a full blown gut-buster. Auntie joins in as well, mocking the seeming crushing defeat that’s happening to Cinder, right in front of them. Cinder seethes, red hot.  air and get on your knees. Varjo stews, staring at his SIG-SAUER 9mm, on the table, only inches away. He gently nudges Cysgod, who glances sidelong at the TACTICAL SHOTGUN sitting near his elbow. Patrick rushes in on Cinder, jamming that .45 at him-- Unc bolts off. Running. Patrick and Parker instinctively turn to track his flight, taking their aim off Cinder-- --and that’s split-second diversion the Shadows needed. “Fight Or Flight” kicks in as the strained situation severs completely-- They snag sidearms and FLIP the dining table in unison-- --the remaining weapons spill to the floor, skating away. Someone SHOUTS “SET-UP!” someone else SHOUTS “KILL ‘EM!”-- --A third VOICE bellows “GET THE CASES!” Factions reform fast and EVERYONE STARTS SHOOTING-- The MERCS are caught in the crossfire, one is cut down-- --Cinder SCREAMS over the cannonade, trying to restore order and pull it back from the tipping point-- --BUT IT’S TOO LATE-- --Confusion fuels chaos like a wild fire and soon enough it’s a full-blown clusterfuck. The endless exchange of BULLETS beats a deafening DIN. DAVID & KYRAH David rears back, tipping over, the chair shattering beneath his weight as he snakes loose of his shackles. Cinder SEES this and spins back, taking aim on KYRAH. David reacts, pulling her over backwards as Cinder FIRES-- --BAM!BAM!BAM! --the rounds sail wide, missing their mark-- One of the MERCS lobs something into the shootout-- --the telltale metallic trundle of a tossed GRENADE-- David kick-shoves Kyrah the opposite way, clearing her from the blast radius as the explosive DETONATES-- --bright white light blinds and burns as noxious phosphorous smoke floods and fries his lungs. David is loopy, disoriented. Finds an AR-15 on the floor, slaps the stock, charges it and runs right into PATRICK, who is about to speak when Cinder UNLOADS that Assault-Rifle right into his chest, stripping him of his .45 AUTO in the process. Patrick pinwheels, then face-plants into the deck, dead. Parker FIRES on Cinder, who retreats behind a couch. Freeing Auntie and pulling her into a small alcove as she presses Cinder’s fallen .380 S&W PISTOL into her hand. Auntie nods, rushing off. The remaining MERC appears and backshoots Parker, who goes sprawling hard, the .45 loosed from his grip. Auntie engages the Merc, kneecapping him with a double- tap from that .380, then finishing him off up close. She drags Parker to cover, returning his .45 AUTOMATIC-- Below deck and looking for a way off this boat, lugging that PELICAN CASE along for dear life. He moves quickly through from the aft toward the stern. This incessant pitched WHINE fills his head as he tries to recalibrate and get his bearings, post blast. GUNFIRE rocks close, he backpedals across the deck, looking for cover, anything to hide behind-- --SHAPES coalesce out of the billowing gun/grenade smoke. HIS FORMER TEAMMATES...stalking their prey in the haze. David rams into a wall, running out of room. They’re nearly upon him, he gropes for any semblance of a weapon-- --then suddenly one is thrust into his hand, a 9MM PISTOL and Kyrah’s face in there in front of his, smiling. They kiss impulsively and break just as fast. David nods as Kyrah charges the AK-47 she’s sourced during the skirmish. David racks the slide on the 9mm she gave him. They rise up and ENGAGE their former teammates in unison, overlapping FIRING PATTERNS and TACTICAL PROFICIENCY sending the Shadows scattering and scrambling for cover. David & Kyrah move with an almost-Olympian precision and poise, skill sets in total lockstep with muscle memory. We now see exactly why they co-commanded this unit. Searching for an exit. He rounds a corner and finds KY standing their in the middle of the corridor. Ky’s expression sours when he sees Unc. He points at him. Unc lays on the fake charm. Ky doesn’t budge, his gaze narrowing on Unc suspiciously. Unc starts to stalk toward Ky. AUNTIE appears in the corridor behind Unc, moving quietly and quickly closing the distance on him. He doesn’t sense her at all...until she wraps him up from behind with an expertly rendered rear-naked-choke. Unc goes bug-eyed, horror-panic, dropping the pelican case as he tries to fend off Auntie...to no avail. She addresses young Ky with the calm and collect of a school marm as she slowly chokes Unc out. Ky nods his approval, watching as Unc convulses and goes board stiff as Auntie renders him completely unconscious. This sentiment seems to make perfect sense to Ky as he ducks into one of the rooms. Auntie gives it a second before she starts beating on Unc like a birthday piñata, punctuating her assault with insults-- Reloading, in breath-for breath sync, strategizing-- Kyrah races off to look for Ky as David lays down a stream of suppressing FIRE, re-engaging his former team in brutal back-and-forth volleys. PELICAN CASES, overturned in the tumult, lie on the deck, stranded between these warring factions. David scrambles over to them and begins hurling them off the stern of the boat and into the water. Varjo SEES this, reacts-- They level their weapons on David and FIRE-- --David dashes off, heading below deck as BULLETS BLAZE-- Kyrah moves through the shifting miasma of gunsmoke, her weapon extended, on full alert-- MORITI materializes in front of her and promptly seizes her gun wrist-- --She responds by bashing her with a hard backhand-- --Moriti is rocked but manages to release the magazine lock, loosing the clip from her AK, which tumbles free, engaging them in aggressive, hand-to-hand combat now-- --Kyrah drives her knee up, Moriti rolls away, ripping the AK free from her grip. It clatters across the deck. Moriti pulls her own gun-- Kyrah lunges and meets her mid- draw, they struggle for the gun. Kyrah kicks out her legs, slamming her down on his back and stealing her air. Moriti wrist-locks Kyrah's gun hand-- hauling her over with her weight and getting a finger inside the trigger guard, SQUEEZING-- --the pistol BUCKS and FLASHES between them-- bullets whiz wild, muzzle flash burns sunspots, temporarily blinding them both-- Kyrah SEES a COMBAT KNIFE on the deck floor, grabs it, slashing out defensively-- --Moriti slips the blade’s arc, going for a fallen AK, the clip resting right next to it. Kyrah springs, looking to bury that knife in her spine. Moriti kicks out a table, it clips Kyrah’s shin, claiming her balance, she pitches, falls-- but rolls right back up onto her feet and fires the blade like a throwing knife. Moriti is struck right in the forehead. Center-punched. She goes comically cross-eyed, staring at the blade, before toppling over dead. Kyrah scoops up a spare mag and a felled PUMP SHOTGUN and rushes off to find Ky. David, running, BLIND-FIRING back over his shoulder. Varjo fills the corridor behind him, BLASTING AWAY-- --David dives into a state room as his weapon cycles to the slide-lock-- He’s out of ammo. He drops the empty clip and stares. Cysgod joins Varjo. David slots the empty mag and pulls the slide back with a loud CLACK-- fooling them into thinking he’s reloaded. He holds his breath now. Varjo hesitates a moment longer-- wants David’s blood. Varjo reluctantly retreats with Cysgod. David breathes a sigh of relief, then realizes he isn’t alone in the room and wheels around to find Ky and Auntie there-- with Unc gagged and tied up with curtain cable. Ky rushes over to David, hugging his Dad tightly. David examines his son, checking him for any injuries. Ky nods and David draws him back into a deep embrace. Kyrah appears in the doorway a moment later to the sheer relief and delight of her son. The trio embrace. Their little family finally reunited. Kyrah looks down at her son. Kyrah deliberates this course of action for all of split- second, then turns to Auntie, handing her the pump shotgun she recovered. Kyrah leans down to Ky’s level. She hugs him once more. David kisses the top of his son’s head and together, he and Kyrah hustle down the corridor. CYSGOD and ANINO load the PELICAN CASES into the GO-FAST BOAT while above, CINDER boards the EURO CHOPPER, which is rotoring up to speed. VARJO glasses the horizon with a pair of BINOS. BINOCULARS P.O.V: THREE ATTACK BOATS bounding across the water toward them at high speed. Cinder beckons Varjo into the helicopter. Kyrah and David creep toward the bow railing, both of them loaded for bear now, having collected most of the stray weaponry onboard the Princess. They can HEAR Cinder’s voice and throw tactical hand signals and semaphore back and forth, targeting each of the tandems above and below-- Kyrah finger counts, 3--2--1-- --they pop from cover and OPEN FIRE without any preamble, ambushing them. David pounding the Chopper’s position and Kyrah blasting away on the Go-Fast Boat below-- --The Shadows respond, going for their guns and touching off a tremendous FIREFIGHT between the two factions. Anino slams the throttle forward on the GO-FAST, pulling away from the Princess, the mooring cables snapping free as it speeds out into the bay. Varjo leaps into the Chopper and gets behind the stick as Cinder RETURNS FIRE. The chopper lifts off, following that GO-FAST BOAT. David and Kyrah jump into that rented Scarab and give chase. Kyrah rushes over to the controls, turns the engine over and jams the throttle full. They bound out into the bay, crashing through the Go- Fast’s wake and trying to close the distance but the bigger boat and more powerful and gradually pulling away. Suddenly, they SEE the Go-Fast Boat and the Chopper abruptly bank back around... ...and head straight for them. David brings up an ASSAULT RIFLE. The chopper skims in right over the water, MUZZLE FLASHES bursting from the canopy. ANINO FIRING wildly-- Bullets splinter the Scarab’s hull as David RETURNS FIRE-- --Kyrah SEES seepage below deck, throws open the bilge hatch, water streaming in-- --Stray rounds. Punched through the hull. Kyrah snaps back around and SEES the GO-FAST BOAT rip past, right off their port side, CYSGOD and ANINO unload on them, more ROUNDS puncturing the Scarab’s flimsy hull. Anino throttles back as she banks the boat around. CYSGOD reloads and charges a HK416 Assault-Rifle with RIP (Rapidly Invasive Projectile) semi-explosive rounds. He moves at hyper-speed. His hands a blur as they move over the weapons. Skills acquired in heavy combat. The boat pitches, fore-deck dipping, nosing further into the water. Kyrah abandons the helm, yanking open the aft compartments, tossing LIFE-JACKETS, looking. David does the same but a DUAL PARA-SAILING RIG is all he finds. The boat lags, the flooding below deck steadily dragging the stern down and slowing its speed-- --the chopper and Go-Fast boat are a quarter mile off and closing for another attack run. David, thinking...a wild idea takes hold. He hustles over to the controls, turning back toward their pursuers. He jams a wrench into the wheel to keep the craft straight and throws the throttle FULL. VARJO grins, slamming the stick forward as he SEES the Scarab below them, dead-heading their way. CINDER preps an M-203 GRENADE-LAUNCHER and prepares to blow that boat out of the water. David pulls out that dual para-sailing rig and hustles over to the stern transom, strapping in. Kyrah rushes over and starts strapping into the tandem side of the Para-sailing rig. They step up onto the stern transom now, slipping, heavy gusts throwing their balance. Kyrah cinches a length of ROPE to the stern cleat and holds them fast for the moment. The Go-Fast and Chopper are less than a half-mile off. Suicide from any angle. David takes up the loose para-sail, handing the other section to Kyrah. Kyrah glances down those TWIN MERC ENGINES under her. The boat bucks huge swells, catching air, the propeller clearing the water. The Chopper and Go-Fast Boat start FIRING simultaneously, bullets chipping hull, starboard, stern-- David...waiting...waiting...waiting...THEN-- --I LOVE YOU BABY--! --I LOVE YOU TOO--! --David tosses his section skyward, Kyrah follows suit-- --the para-sail deploys, the chute unfurling, catching the onrushing headwind and yanking them straight up in the air like a midway-ride. They target those TWIN MERC ENGINES beneath them, FIRING-- slugs PIERCING the steel housing and EXPLODING-- --The passing Go-Fast boat is INCINERATED as the Scarab DETONATES-- the shockwave shattering the vessel. Kyrah & David take aim on the chopper and FIRE-- rounds ricocheting off the fuselage, pining axles, rotors, hitting oil lines-- --They keep squeezing, BLASTING the cockpit canopy glass-- rolls into a violent auto-rotation as black smoke begins issuing from the rotor. The bird banks hard, whirling past and narrowly missing Kyrah and David as it bombs toward the beach below, the black smoke now pouring from it like a chimney stack. Kyrah & David, still aloft, slowing sinking back to earth and landing on a sandbar just off the Island’s northern tip. The Chopper whirls and dips as it touches down inside a canopy of mangrove, shredding foliage and palm fronds as it bellies hard to the ground inside a WETLANDS RESERVE. David and Kyrah drag themselves ashore, pausing to check their ammo. David drops the remaining clip on his 9mm. Kyrah pops her clip...A single piece of brass inside. David re-racks the weapon. Kyrah nods, contemplates something, then asks: David jacks the slide, loosing an airborne bullet from the chamber. Kyrah catches it. Kyrah grins, then turns and jogs up the beach. David into the cluster of mangrove and toward the palls of smoke pouring from the downed chopper. A large, expensive WEDDING in progress. The BRIDE and GROOM stare lovingly into one another’s eyes as everyone ooh’s and ahh’s the traditional “Couple’s Dance”... ...right up until the moment a bloodied and blackened, JACK CINDER, shouldering that M-203 GRENADE LAUNCHER, spills onto the dance floor, scattering wedding guests, who scramble for cover as he FIRES A BURST into the air-- --Tables upend. Champagne bottles fly and pricey floral arrangements are shredded by the flash panic of a full blown human stampede. The PRIEST plows right into the wedding cake in full flight and winds up wearing most of the top layer, including the plastic topper, as he flees the scene. The D.J., headphones on, oblivious the commotion erupting around him, continues spinning, his head down. We INTERCUT between David and Kyrah as they advance separately. She HEARS the GUNSHOTS in the distance and races toward the hotel. He arrives at the smoking chopper and finds it empty. A bullet-punched cockpit. Blood on the pilot’s seat. Trampled foliage leading away...David follows the trail. The D.J. finishes plattering an LP with a big grin on his face...a grin that dissolves as soon as he SEES Cinder, staring back and him and holding a smoking assault-rifle. Moving steadily through the wetlands, SEES blood on the passing branches, enters a clearing-- --A stray round whizzes right past, the sub-sonic snap of a bullet-by crackling right by his left ear. His earbud SQUELCHES, he hauls it free as it buzzes and whines-- --MORE GUNFIRE pounds in. David sprawls prone. He rolls to cover and rears up, only to feel the massive shadow of VARJO fall over him like a lunar eclipse. David spins back with his gun, Varjo blocks it. David grabs the AR-15 Varjo is armed with, the two grapple for control. David manages to disengage the mag, then rack the action, rendering the weapon useless for the moment. Varjo rag-dolls David into a Mangrove tree, pinning him. Varjo ROARS this locomotive-like war-cry in David’s face as he FIRES a right hand right at his head. David slips the blow and counters with a one-two combo, which has the affect of a garden hose against granite. The D.J., his trembling hands raised, rushes off. Cinder, his back turned, doesn’t SEE Kyrah stalking up behind him, gun extended... Cinder turns to confront his former flame, still armed with that M-203, its barrel pointed at the ground. Kyrah closes on him, tightening her aim. Cinder grins back blood, then, without another thought, simply squeezes the M-203’s secondary trigger-- --Kyrah goes wide-eyed, diving for cover as a 40mm ROUND ricochets off the dance floor and DETONATES the bride/groom table, sending a paroxysm of debris flying. Varjo wades in, clenched fists the size of cantaloupes as he bombs away on David’s mid-section with body shots. David absorbs the percussive punches, covers and throws a hatchet-style uppercut that catches Varjo flush in the nuts and ‘knock-knees’ him-- sending him stumbling back. KYRAH AND CINDER Kyrah lifts her head, dazed, as Cinder emerges out of the blast smoke, ambushing her, slashing and moving, punches landing so fast that Kyrah is still processing the fact that she’s being hit. She staggers to her feet, throwing a brutal elbow which Cinder avoids, countering with a spinning backfist that catches her in the sternum and steals her air. Varjo recovers and rolls his massive shoulders as he tears the rest of his shirt away. David stands, squares, then removes his remaining earbud, plunging him into that extra-sensory aural state. He closes his eyes. Varjo grins mean. KYRAH AND CINDER Cinder is starting to get the better of Kyrah. Too fast. Too strong. Too angry. She’s starting to gas out. Varjo rushes David. David evades him, moving with measured ease and peppering Varjo with punches. Varjo attempts to defend himself but David is simply too fast now. Too precise. Varjo is gassing out. David begins landing huge shots, finishing Varjo with a front kick that knocks him flat on his ass. He spits blood, pulling a THAI PARANG MACHETE from the sheath lashed across his leg. Varjo rises, spinning the blade effortlessly as he walks David down. David remains rooted to the spot, watching, waiting. Varjo rushes him, gripping that Machete like a Bushido Blade and bringing it crashing down-- --David deflects its arc, deftly throwing a vicious knee right into Varjo’s chin before spinning the Machete inside his grip and redirecting it right into his throat, shish-kebob’ing him... ...Varjo stumbles, geysering blood, spinning around like a little kid who’s lost his parents in the supermarket. He then falters, shuffle steps and timbers like a Redwood Tree...dead. David scoops up his 9mm and Varjo’s AR-15, lashing it across his back as he sprints off toward the hotel. Someone’s Worst Wedding Day...Ruined rental furniture everywhere. FIRES raging near the blast-blackened buffet. Shrouds of pitch black smoke drifting over everything. David is facing the other way, searching for Kyrah, when she appears out of the pall of smoke, with Cinder standing behind, her own 9mm pressed flush to her head. David senses them and turns back slowly, his weapon, with its lone bullet, locked in his grip. Cinder is taunting him. Kyrah is screaming something... ...but David can’t hear either...His earbuds remain out, his “Super-Power” still fully functioning...or so he thinks...until he aims that gun, trying to target Cinder-- --And Cinder responds by squeezing his forearm even tighter and constricting Kyrah’s air as he hauls her in closer, cheek-to-cheek, jamming that gun into her face... ...and now David realizes that whatever he has to do...he has to do it in real time. He plugs the earbuds back in. SOUND crashes in like a wave. He starts to sweat and shake, his breath picking up steadily, anxiously and beginning to betray him. That same sickening fear he felt in the bank, spreads through him like poison as he watches Cinder hover just behind Kyrah, these reptilian eyes fixed on him... Then, as if unnoticed or somehow unheard before...this music becomes suddenly, almost magically prominent... ...these familiar chords, playing from the abandoned D.J. station and over the outdoor sound system... ...a song intended for the “Couple’s Dance”... ...a Lionel Richie song... ...THEIR FUCKING LIONEL RICHIE SONG: “TRULY” David and Kyrah utter, to themselves, at the exact same moment... They lock eyes now...and then, as though they’d rehearsed this a thousand times before, begin serenading one another, picking up the lyrics, mid-song... Cinder, both confused and perplexed, not expecting this-- They just sing louder, ignoring Cinder altogether...Kyrah quietly intuiting what David is thinking now...and gently nodding her consent... ...something comes over David: A sureness and a certainly and a confidence that he hasn’t experienced without being deaf to the world around him... ...this release that allows him to bring that 9mm up in one motion, smooth and steady and perfectly still...and put its single bullet right into Kyrah’s shoulder-- --the wound sprays Cinder with her blood and blinds him --just as the song crescendos-- --Kyrah wrenches free, spooling away from Cinder’s grasp and pulling her gun from his grip-- --Kyrah FIRES both bullets into Cinder point blank, spinning him around like a top... ...David brings that AR-15 around off his back, draws down and CUTS LOOSE on Cinder, closing the distance-- --RAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT--- ...Cinder is blasted apart in almost balletic fashion. David keeps marauding forward, FIRING AWAY-- ...Cinder comes crashing down dead in the outdoor pool, disappearing from sight as David reaches Kyrah and wraps her up his arms, holding her as tightly as he ever has as Lionel takes over the song’s final chorus... ...David and Kryah, completely lost in one another now... The couple kiss for a long, long time as WE DISSOLVE TO: White sand, the consistency of baby powder, stretches unblemished for miles and miles in either direction. Ky, chasing and fleeing the waves while bashing a new pair of action figures off of one another...happy and carefree and everything a five year kid should be. Kyrah, looking renewed and refreshed and healed, watches her son from a beach-front hammock. She’s on a SAT-PHONE. AUNTIE, looking chopped-to-death in a DOLCE PANTSUIT. Kyrah laughs, does a little catcall. Auntie enters the main lobby of the CIA, grinning. Auntie with a deliberately dramatic beat... Kyrah chuffs. Somehow she knew this was coming. Kyrah clicks off. Auntie stows her phone and WE PAN WITH HER TO REVEAL: PARKER. He smiles and shakes her hand as they proceed through a SECURITY CHECKPOINT together and WE RETURN TO: David emerges from the shack, looking lean and muscled as he joins Kyrah in the hammock, lying his head in her lap. She wraps herself around him. Ky nods like a bobble as they watch him play in the surf. David, still lying on her lap, eyes closed. Kyrah smiles as she gently places her hands on his head...and then begins softly drumming out... ...beat-beat, beat-beat, beat-beat... David registers this-- and then realizes what it means-- --his eyes snap open as he shoots up, spinning around. A pregnant pause between them...then Kryah softly utters: He gathers her up in his arms, exulting, hugging her harder than he can ever remember hugging her. Ky bounds up from the beach toward his parents as WE SLOWLY RISE UP OVER THE SCENE, up past the swaying palm trees, soaring away into cloudless sky above... ...our little family is finally together... ...and at peace.