 Gregg Zehentner and Scott Barkan A dusty West Texas desert. The sun has just dipped below the horizon. Dark blue spreads across the rugged mountains, the scrub brush, the dirt, giving it all the hue of a corpse. A GREY HORSE trots through the gloom. Atop it, MARTIN TALBOT (50s), his seductively handsome face creased with wear, his eyes alert, but weary. He dons the leather hat and brown coat of a rancher. Riding with hands on his hips is RUBY (8). Solemn, aged beyond her years. Her blue, dirt-stained dress tells us she’s no stranger to labor in this unforgiving land. The pair approaches... ROCK SPRINGS. A bleak, dying town. 1910s. Last gasp of the old west. An OIL DERRICK stands over the town, shuttered and quiet. Martin and Ruby CLIP-CLOP past a wooden arch that reads “Rock Springs -- Warm Beds, Full Bellies, Bright Future” The town is not as advertised. Once bustling, it’s mostly boarded up storefronts. Fancy dresses gather dust through one window. A barber’s pole hangs crooked at another abandoned shop. Only THE PLAYFUL PUSSYCAT, a saloon and brothel, attracts business. Martin narrows his eyes at the SEEDY CLIENTELE who gawk right back at him and Ruby. They’re curiosities here. The duo comes to a halt at FIRST CHRIST CHURCH, a squat white building with a large cross jutting toward the heavens. A marquee in the front: “All are welcome.” PASTOR NATHAN (60s) kneels on the hard floor before the crucifix. Ruby cautiously approaches him. As she grow closer, she sees that he holds a dust broom in his hand. He’s not praying...he’s angling in on a FAT MOUSE boldly chewing on the lectern. WHACK. Pastor Nathan kills the mouse. Ruby jumps, which alerts him to her presence. They both eye the dead rodent. As he sweeps the mouse into a sack, we get a good look at him. Thin and bespectacled, white collar against a coarse black coat hanging from his slight frame. Pastor Nathan darkens. Pastor Nathan is startled by the low voice. He turns to see Martin standing in the doorway. They lock eyes. No love lost between them. Pastor Nathan, on his horse, struggles to keep up with Martin and Ruby. True darkness has fallen on the land now. Only the moon’s glow lights the way toward a The ranch is centered on a rolling plain before a humble stretch of crops. A simple homestead farm. The utilitarian structure is flanked by a rickety barn on one side, a rocky outcropping of hills on the other, a dingy outhouse behind. They dismount. Martin and Ruby head right for the house, but Pastor Nathan stops at a PIGPEN. A handful of sleeping pigs...puncture marks along their jowls... Pastor Nathan gazes at the wounds. Curious. Martin enters through the front door into the wooden chairs, pots and pans strewn on the walls, simple toys on the floor, fireplace. Desert plains living. He walks down a short hall. To the left, RUBY’S ROOM, to the right PEARL LOGAN (40s) lies in it. Her arms are palsied, hands uncontrollably balled. She has ALS, but they don’t know what that is. All they know is her once-proud face is emaciated and her breaths are coming in death rattles. Martin moves to her side. She tries to look at him, but can only move her eyes. She’s in hell. Pastor Nathan is stricken by the sight of Pearl. He glances at Martin with accusatory eyes. Pastor Nathan takes Pearl’s balled fist in his hand. Squeezes it. WHISPERS to her something we can’t hear. Martin narrows his eyes. Pastor Nathan feels his glare. Gets down to work. As he pulls out his cross, Martin discreetly moves out of his way. Pastor Nathan raises the cross over Pearl. Pastor Nathan gathers his coat and hat while Martin stands impassively. Ruby sits in a corner, sniffling. Martin and the Pastor share an uncomfortable silence. Martin moves to the HALLWAY, entering Rattles open a tin. Atop a pile of bills, a photo of Martin with a WOMAN and LITTLE GIRL. Not Pearl and Ruby. IN THE MAIN ROOM Pastor Nathan turns to Ruby. He casts a quick glance toward Martin, occupied in the other room. Pastor Nathan leans in close to Ruby. He reaches out a hand to touch Ruby’s shoulder -- -- SNATCH. Martin GRIPS Pastor Nathan’s wrist, appearing at his side FASTER THAN HUMANLY POSSIBLE. Pastor Nathan is UNNERVED. Martin bears down on the holy man...and then forces a few bills into his hand. He releases his grip. Pastor Nathan rubs his wrist. Pastor Nathan glances at Ruby. Can’t let it go. Martin stares Pastor Nathan down. He’s had enough. But Pastor Nathan has caught the scent of something wicked. Summoning all of his strength, he doesn’t look away. Instead, his trembling hand reaches into his pocket and pulls out a BIBLE. He extends it toward Martin. Martin stares at the Bible. A LOW GROWL emits from Martin’s chest. It’s barely audible, but for Pastor Nathan, it’s CONFIRMATION OF THE UNHOLY. The stalemate is broken by Pearl COUGHING spasmodically. Pastor Nathan places the bible on the kitchen table. Pastor Nathan scampers away atop his horse as though chased by the Headless Horseman. Martin watches his hasty retreat from the doorway. Ruby joins him. Sees Martin’s hard face. Ruby sleeps in her bed beneath thick blankets, a flickering candle on her nightstand. Martin sits beside Pearl, a heaviness upon him. Pearl looks at him, beseeching. She opens her mouth to respond, but only drool comes out. Martin knows what she wants. He lowers his head...and produces a KNIFE from his pocket. He SLICES his palm. Blood drips from the wound. A FIGURE stands in the doorway. As she moves toward the candlelight, we see that it’s PEARL, COMPLETELY HEALTHY. She leans over the sleeping Ruby and kisses her forehead. Ruby groggily awakens. Pearl touches the half-asleep Ruby lovingly. Pearl flashes a bittersweet smile. She may remember this as a dream, but right now Ruby has a smile on her face as Pearl blows out the candle. Pearl stands in the crisp night, taking a deep breath. Her senses are alive.  roaring like a train. Martin watches her from beneath the brim of his hat. Martin nods. The moment bittersweet. A PANG in Pearl’s stomach, and she doubles over. Martin comes to her side, holding her. Pearl moans at the spreading pain, deeper than hunger. She gazes at Martin. A new understanding of him. Martin looks to the pigs, but Pearl takes his head in her hands, bringing them face to face. Martin lowers his head. Pearl writhes in the hay. Martin gazes down at her. Martin is frozen. Pearl looks up to him. Sees his indecision. Tries to allay his fears. They lock eyes. Even as she convulses, a tenderness. Pearl curls in a ball. Martin takes a deep breath... ...and grips the AXE resting at his feet. He’s about to raise it, but can’t quite bring himself... AN INHUMAN SHRIEK! Pearl turns her head to reveal DEEP ORANGE EYES, her SNAPPING MOUTH revealing GROWING FANGS. Her arms and legs wriggle like a newborn’s. Martin lifts the axe. Brings it down on Pearl’s neck. THUNK. Martin shovels the last bit of dirt over Pearl’s grave. Plants the shovel into the ground. At the head of the grave, a simple headstone: PEARL LOGAN, BELOVED MOTHER Martin looks over his shoulder... THE SUN is creeping over the horizon. The end of a silver-plattered dinner for Rock Springs’ leaders: E.B. TROTT (60s), the town’s portly banker; JACK HASTINGS (50s), a beaten-down sheriff; DAVE MCDONOUGH (40s), the decent general store owner; and PASTOR NATHAN. At the head of the table is DMITRI COYNE (40s). A rich oil man, waxed mustache, vest and pocket watch. He watches as ABBY, a YOUNG SERVANT, clears the dishes. Abby sets up an easel with a GEOLOGIC MAP of ROCK SPRINGS on it. “Property of Allied Oil” at the top. Tension. Dmitri turns to the map, marking X’s with his pencil. The town council exchanges worried looks. Pastor Nathan studies the map as E.B. rises. Pastor Nathan points at the map. He stands, still pointing, and walks until his pointer finger touches the one area on the map not marked off with X’s. McDonough gazes at the group with growing unease. Pastor Nathan stares McDonough down. Heavy silence. Dmitri stands, cutting the tension. Dmitri leaves. The council hunkers. Brass tax time. The council is disembarking toward their horses. McDonough looks over the group with sad eyes. McDonough lowers his head. Mounts his steed. Rides off. Sheriff Hastings leans toward Pastor Nathan. Pastor Nathan smiles wryly. EXT. WEST TEXAS WOODED TRAIL - DAY A black stagecoach lies tipped on its side. Its horse is down too, pathetically braying, mortally injured. Trunks of clothes are broken on the ground, revealing tattered garments. Wrapped pieces of cured meat. Provisions for a long journey. TWO DEAD BODIES. A HUSBAND and WIFE (40s). The husband, blood-soaked pinstriped shirt, three holes in his chest, slumps against the wagon, still clutching a rifle. The wife, wearing a chintzy dress, lies face up, dead eyes covered in blood from her head wound. A MANGY DOG’S SNOUT noses into the wound. Takes bloody licks. Starts nipping for some flesh. A WHISTLE in the woods. The dog’s head pops up. He trots to the side of his master. A SKINNY, DIRTY MAN with a SACK CLOTH MASK. They hunt through the trees together. A few yards away, another SACK CLOTH MAN walks quietly, bandolier of ANIMAL PAWS, an S-shaped blade in hand. BEHIND A ROCK A TERRIFIED GIRL (17). She dares a peek from behind the rock. Can see the crippled stagecoach. Yet another SACK CLOTH MAN passes close by and our girl retreats behind the rock. This man has his mask above his mouth to take swigs from a FLASK. After he passes, our girl assesses. One direction, a free and clear path. All she has to do is run. But she turns back toward the stagecoach. Why? She spies her dead father’s rifle. Steels herself...then MAKES A RUN FOR THE GUN. The world streaks by. She throws herself toward the rifle and RIPS it from her father. She whirls, pointing it... ...but no one’s there. She gamely holds the rifle aloft. A TONGUE CLICK from her blindside and she spins to find a SACK CLOTH MAN in suspenders and a green henley. A LIP POP from behind her and she spins to see a second SACK CLOTH MAN wearing the IDENTICAL OUTFIT. Both have their hands on their gun holsters. As she whirls back and forth between them, each one appears closer to drawing. She settles on one of them to shoot -- -- but a hand SNATCHES the rifle away. Standing before her is a tall, imposing SACK CLOTH MAN. Brown vest, belt full of ammo, black handkerchief around his neck. Our girl backs against the stagecoach in fear. He pulls off his mask to reveal BLUE WADE CARWRIGHT (50s). Handlebar mustache over a craggy moon of a face. A face that’s done some things. He smiles charmingly. She nods her head. This pleases him. The rest of the posse remove their sack cloth masks. She takes in an eyeful of this rotten crew. VIGGO (40s), Norwegian hunter, the one with knives and BONE (30s), mouth lined with tribal tattoos, the skinny one with the dog, GUS. KYLE and CARSON SCARBOROUGH (20s), identical twins, except Carson’s tongue is missing. HUGH (40s), scraggly beard, a set of six-shooters at his waist, perpetually drunk. Blue Wade peeks through the window of the stagecoach -- -- and the girl DRAWS A HIDDEN GUN FROM HER BOOT, pressing it against Blue Wade’s head. This girl’s got fight. She might just -- -- SLICE. Viggo CHOPS the girl’s hand off at the wrist with his S blade. Her arm stays up for a moment, body not registering. She gazes in disbelief at her bloody stump. Blue Wade, face spattered with her blood, smirks. He throws a glance at the gang. They UNLOAD on her. She falls dead. EDGARDO (30s), the final member of the gang, jumps onto the toppled stage coach. Shotgun in hand, he wears a dusty Federali uniform. Either was one or killed one. He throws the door open. Stares inside. Motions to Blue Wade, who excitedly hops up. His excitement fades. Staring up at them is a LITTLE BOY. The girl’s brother. Blue Wade sighs. The posse deflates. They pick through the scattered boxes for anything valuable. Edgardo leers at Blue Wade. Blue Wade reaches down into the stagecoach and produces a child’s guitar. He shoves it into Edgardo’s hands. Edgardo shakes his head, disrespected, but enjoys plucking a few strings in spite of himself. Blue Wade turns his attention back to the scared boy. Kneels. Looks at him with compassion. Blue Wade raises his revolver. Takes careful aim. BANG. Under the moonlight, Martin moves swiftly through the corn stalks of Pearl’s farm. Undaunted by the dark. Martin digs with a trawl, laying seeds into the soil. Martin gazes out at a field. Next to him, his grey steed Smoke, a plough affixed to its back. But rather than mount the horse, Martin leans in close to the animal. Whispers words that we can’t comprehend. The horse stiffens...and then trots in a straight line, ploughing the field with no rider. Incredibly, the horse makes a turn right and returns perfectly parallel to its first line. Impressive. Martin walks to the house after a long night’s work. He passes the PIG PEN. The PIGS are GONE. In the distance, a train whistle BLOWS. The rising sun is turning the night into day. Martin takes one last look at the brightening sky before he yanks a STURDY WOODEN SHUTTER across a window. Not a ray of the light can make it through. He fastens two IRON BOLTS, locking it into place. Martin goes through the house, pulling across wooden covers over every window. SLAM. SHUNCK. SLAM. SHUNCK. SLAM. SHUNCK. Complete darkness. Ffft. A match is struck, revealing Martin’s face. Martin places a lantern on Ruby’s beside table. Gazes at her. She moans and squirms in her sleep. Bad dream. Martin struggles with whether to wake her or let her sleep. Before he decides, Ruby awakens with a start. She looks to Martin with groggy eyes. The question is a stab in his heart. Blue Wade’s gang sit around a fire, cooking up bacon and beans. Empty food cans are strewn all around them. Gus pulls meat off a bone. Looking closer, it’s a HUMAN LEG. He wraps his arm around his TWIN BROTHER for effect. They all laugh, but Carson’s come out as strangled wheezes. Viggo taps Blue Wade. Points to a clearing... ...Pastor Nathan sits astride his horse. Blue Wade lets out an incredulous laugh. Pastor Nathan trots closer. Viggo begins to draw one of his blades, but Blue Wade puts a hand on his shoulder. Yep. Pastor Nathan and Blue Wade are brothers. Pastor Nathan sits at a table inside the modest cabin. Blue Wade sits with him, filling tin cups with whiskey. Pastor Nathan’s gaze is fixed on the floor behind Blue Wade. Blue Wade notices and turns to look at the DEAD TRAPPER lying on the floor, bullet wound in the head. He takes a sip of whiskey. Pastor Nathan stares at the body with sick fascination. Blue Wade smirks. True enough. Pastor Nathan meets Blue Wade’s eyes. Gets down to business. Blue Wade lets out a single, guttural LAUGH. Blue Wade SPITS. Pastor Nathan pushes on. Pastor Nathan glowers at Blue Wade. Starts to stand. Pastor Nathan considers leaving. Sits back down. A pan lands on a CAST-IRON STOVETOP. An egg cracks into the pan, sizzling. A few strips of bacon drop beside it. Martin works the wood-fired stove. He studies HAND- WRITTEN INSTRUCTIONS on a piece of paper. The eggs start to brown, then blacken. He tries to scrape them off the skillet, but breaks the yolk. Ruby waits at the table. Martin puts on a brave face. In the candlelight, Ruby pokes at her burnt mash of eggs suspiciously. Martin sits across from her at the table, waiting for her reaction. She cleaves some egg onto her fork. Tastes it. Swallows it. Neither smiles nor frowns. Ruby nods, disappointed. Swallows another bite. Martin plunges dishes into a bucket of hot water. Ruby sits at the table and reads J.M. BARRIE’S PETER PAN. Ruby looks at the words, then up at Martin. Martin is amused at her childish calculations. Self- satisfied, Ruby goes back to her work. Blue Wade walks Pastor Nathan back toward his horse, the rest of the crew watching and wondering. Blue Wade studies his brother. Picks up vibes. Pastor Nathan meets Blue Wade’s bitter gaze. Blue Wade takes a glance at his dusty crew. Pastor Nathan is taken aback by the cost. Pastor Nathan recovers, gives a pious smile. Pastor Nathan mounts his horse as Blue Wade chuckles. Martin and Ruby lean over a map of North America. Ruby rolls her eyes. Points to the eastern seaboard. She traces from West Texas up to the Yukon territory. Martin tries to hide his sigh. Lets himself lie. Ruby stares at the spot in wonder. Martin smiles, indulging the child in spite of himself. Ruby beams at the possibility. KNOCK KNOCK. Ruby nods as she carries a foot stool to the front door. She stands atop it and slides the eye slat open to see CHEN (30s), a Chinese woman, black hair held up by a long, metal hair pin, plain and practical grey dress. Her bright smile cuts through years of hard frontier life. Ruby closes the slat as Martin retreats into the HALL. Ruby looks to Martin for confirmation. He nods. Ruby pulls open the door. DAYLIGHT stretches into the dark room, momentarily blinding Ruby. The long ray of light stops short of Martin’s boots. He’s practiced this position. Chen walks in, holding a bag of provisions. Ruby closes and bolts the door behind her. Ruby hugs Chen as Chen gives Martin a nod. The young girl pulls Chen over to the map on the table. Chen smiles to Ruby. Martin takes the bag from Chen. Pulls out a few hunks of meat wrapped in wax paper. Bags of seed and grain. She registers his disappointment. Martin talks while putting the items away. He nods wearily. Chen and Ruby pick away at the hornworms nibbling on the tomatoes, depositing the pests in a bucket. The hot Texas sun beats down on them. Chen nods, wiping her brow. Ruby heads toward the house. Pace quickening as she goes. Chen casts a glance at Ruby, a knowing smile on her lips. Martin sleeps in the bed, just like a normal person. A floorboard jiggles. Creaks. Then pops up... Ruby squeezes her way through it. She is placing the plank back down when -- MEOW -- from under the house. Ruby reaches into the hole and pulls out a fat tabby, giving it a few quick strokes. She pushes the trick floorboard into place. Ruby looks at Martin, who twitches, having a troubled dream. She climbs onto the bed, curling into his legs. Martin’s bad dream persists... DRIVING RAIN. A TOUGH BUT SCARED WOMAN (30s) against the wall of the darkened alley, hand on her PIG-TAILED DAUGHTER (12). The WOMAN and GIRL from the PHOTO in Martin’s tin. SCREAMS and GUNSHOTS. The woman peeks around the corner. Whatever she sees makes her knees buckle. On their blindside, a SHADOWY FIGURE snakes along the wall. A PALE, TALONED HAND reaches toward the girl... ...FWOOSH! A Molotov cocktail erupts against the creature’s skull. We see fangs, orange eyes, but then just flame. It SCREAMS, skittering off past... ...MARTIN, human, skin alive. He holds a torch. The woman and girl embrace him. HIS FAMILY. A SHRIEK down the alley gets them moving through the MUDDY TOWN SQUARE. Martin’s torch lights horrific images. Union soldiers torn apart, hands clutching muskets. Women and children, split like sides of beef. The family turns a corner -- two silhouettes. They turn back -- three figures approach. Surrounded. Martin waves his torch. This elicits a ripple of hissed snickering from the pack. His torch dies in the rain. WHAM! A BLOW to Martin’s head, several more to his body. He’s down. His WIFE and DAUGHTER are dragged to the pack. Martin is held to the ground, but a pair of pale hands turns his head, forcing him to watch as the creatures feast on his family. Flesh torn from bone. He lets out an ANGUISHED CRY. This pleases the vampires. One of them drags a nail against its skin, opening a wound. It forces the blood into Martin’s mouth... Martin wakes with a start from the nightmare, FANGS OUT. Feels his extended fangs in his mouth with his tongue as he struggles to calm himself. A movement from the corner pulls his attention -- Rascal struts by. Martin smirks. Pearl’s chamber door opens and Martin emerges, fully dressed. Rascal skitters away. Chen and Ruby sit with books at the table. Martin takes a moment, gazing at the two of them warmly. Chen looks up at Martin. Sees the pallid skin. The dark eyes. He’s not well. He motions toward the corner of the room away from Ruby. Chen stands, straightening her dress. Approaches him. Martin looks down. He responds, surprisingly, in her native tongue. Chen eyes him warily. Martin looks to Ruby, who continues reading, oblivious. Chen takes this in. Suddenly, Ruby tugs on Martin’s shirt. SHUNCK -- Martin unlatches the wooden shutter. Slides it open, revealing the dark night, the moon in the sky. SHUNCK -- Chen opens another window. SHUNCK -- Ruby attends to the last one on her footstool. Finally, Martin unlocks the front door. Pushes it open. Martin steps into the night air, taking a deep breath. Stretches. Free. Ruby RACES out of the house, slapping Martin’s thigh. Martin smiles. He chases after her. Chen watches Martin and Ruby play in the night. They tumble to the ground, laughing as he tickles her. They are a carefree family, if only for a moment. The pews are packed for Sunday service, waiting for Pastor Nathan’s entrance. McDonough is there, on edge. E.B. Trott sits next to Sheriff Hastings. Sheriff Hastings shrugs. He doesn’t care about much. Pastor Nathan solemnly enters from a side door. He ambles to the lectern, taking his time. Finally... Pastor Nathan produces a THIN BLADE. Directs the tip toward his open palm. He pushes the tip against his skin. He increases the pressure and the blade pierces the skin. The congregation buzzes with “No” and “He didn’t”, their perverse excitement growing. Blood runs down his palm as he digs deeper. The crowd shouts their “amens” at the sight of his blood. Pastor Nathan works the blade, the crowd HOOTING in approval. He wraps his palm with a cloth bandage. The crowd is primed to give when McDonough stands up. This shocks everyone quiet. The pastor deftly redirects. The crowd bubbles with dissent. A few “no’s” shouted. The congregation LAUGHS at the mention of “electricity.” The congregation waits on his response. Pastor Nathan raises the collection basket. With that, Pastor Nathan hands the basket to PAT (30s), a spindly, destitute townie in the front pew, and TURNS AWAY so that he can’t see what Pat does. Everyone else, including McDonough, waits for him to act. Finally, he pulls the last crumpled dollars from his pocket and puts them in the basket. He passes the basket, and the next congregant drops money in as well. Still facing away, Pastor Nathan hears this and smiles. McDonough storms out of the church. Sheriff Hastings and E.B. Trott exchange an impressed glance -- Nathan’s good. The doors open and giddy parishioners flock out. But then a few stop in their tracks. The signal spreads until everyone from the church is still, staring at... ...BLUE WADE and his posse. Astride their horses, fearsome as fuck. Pastor Nathan emerges from the crowd, clutching the money basket. He is unnerved. Blue Wade shits him a grin. Two weaselly townies, CLAYTON and ERIN ROSE (30s), whisper to each other Pastor Nathan approaches Blue Wade. Pastor Nathan shoots a nervous glance to the watching crowd, speaking low. Pastor Nathan flashes a tight-lipped smile. He reaches into the basket, but Blue Wade shakes his head, and Pastor Nathan hands over the whole thing.  The girl is not to be harmed. Blue Wade was joking but he can see that he’s struck a nerve in his brother. Notes it with an “ahh” to himself. He turns to head out, but Pastor Nathan suddenly shoves a cross into Blue Wade’s satchel. Blue Wade looks at it incredulously. Pastor Nathan pins him with his eyes. Blue Wade laughs. Martin is once again following his nightly farming routine. Digging fresh holes in the earth for seeds. Across the farm, a hundred yards away, he sees A FIGURE sitting at his porch. Martin approaches the porch. Coming into view is VIGGO. He lazily twirls a jagged knife between his fingers. Viggo doesn’t even bother to look Martin’s way. Viggo rolls his head to face Martin. His eyes narrow with interest upon getting a good look at the farmer. Martin nods. They’re only ten feet away now. Martin at the edge of the porch. Martin stares Viggo down. Viggo doesn’t answer. Doesn’t have to. Martin shifts his gaze to the inky black horizon. Sees something we can’t. Martin grunts. Knows the name, but won’t be intimidated. Martin bristles. Men of God don’t sit well with him. Viggo carves chunks from the porch’s wood beams. The front door opens. Ruby stands sleepily at the door. She freezes at the sight of Viggo. Martin and Viggo lock eyes in a tense glare. Martin’s eyes dilate, just a bit. Defensive. Like an animal in the night. Viggo subtly holsters his knife. Holding his hands up in peace as he stands. Backs away. Martin stares Viggo down as he climbs atop his horse. Viggo starts to ride out, but steals one last glance back at Martin. Troubled by what he sees. He disappears over the hill. Martin watches him go as the horizon turns from the dark black of night to the deep blue of early morning. Ruby sidles up to him. Martin hastily packs clothes as Ruby watches, confused. He looks to her with a forced smile. Martin grabs his TIN. All he’s got. Into his sack. Ruby bursts into tears. Martin stops packing and moves to her side. Holds her. But his eyes fall on the horizon. The impending dawn. Martin strides out of the house with his bag, Ruby stumbling behind him, trying to keep up. Martin and Ruby stop dead in their tracks. A bloody mess lies before them. SMOKE -- disemboweled. Ruby screams. Martin buries her head into his side, shielding her from brutalized horse. He turns to the horizon. Daylight encroaching. Under the breaking morning light, Viggo rides up to the gang. Hugh, the Scarborough twins and Edgardo are washing up. Gus and Bone lap at the water. Viggo dismounts. Blue Wade is cleaning up, shirt off. His back is SEVERELY SCARRED. A landscape of deep lashings. He sees Viggo approach and pulls on his shirt. Viggo moves closer to Blue Wade, speaking reverently. Blue Wade stares at Viggo for an intense moment. Then -- Martin frantically slides a window shutter shut against the rising sun. Bolts it. SLAM. SHUNCK. Ruby doesn’t join though. Just watches him, overwhelmed. Martin SLAM-SHUNCKS the next window. Stops, catching his breath for a moment. He kneels next to her. She nods her head. Hugs him around the neck. Martin nods, rubbing her back. Martin rises. Moves to the final window. SLAM. SHUNCK. Through the door, he hears the train whistle BLOW as it leaves. Their last chance at salvation, gone. Martin peers through the door slat... On the horizon, under the rising sun... BLUE WADE and his GANG ride toward the house. Trouble. The sun sits on the horizon, streaming directly toward the front of the house. The posse appraises the homestead. Hugh peers at the shuttered house. Kyle scans the grounds. Eyes the nearby BARN. The OUTHOUSE around back. Blue Wade motions for Hugh and Bone. Bone whistles to Gus, but the dog stops dead in its tracks once it draws near the cabin. Gus isn’t whimpering or barking. Just standing stock still. Bone looks to Blue Wade, concerned. Off Blue Wade’s face, Bone keeps going around back. Ruby makes her way to a cabinet. Opens it. Produces Pearl’s SHOTGUN. Martin is upon her in a flash, SNATCHING the gun. He shoves the gun back in the cabinet. Slams the door. Martin doesn’t have an answer. Blue Wade dismounts. Approaches the Climbs to the door. Gives it a rap. No answer. On the other side of the door, Martin stands tense. Ruby a few paces behind him. Blue Wade speaks with his face very close to the door. Not afraid of what’s inside. The eye slat SLIDES open. Martin’s angry eyes fill it. Blue Wade looks into Martin’s eyes. Amused and excited by what he sees in them. But then, Blue Wade’s gaze softens as he sees behind Martin -- Ruby. Blue Wade cracks a smile. They stare at each other. Neither will budge. Finally, Blue Wade spins on his heels. Blue Wade saunters off the porch. Signals to the Scarborough Twins. The twins approach. Kyle grabs Martin’s bloody axe, embedded in a block of wood nearby. He yanks it out. Carson draws his six-shooter. They stride up the porch, ready for a collision course with the door. Kyle rears back the axe... ...and the door creaks open, just a bit. Kyle lowers his axe. Looks to his brother quizzically. They turn to Blue Wade. He waves for them to continue. The twins push the door open, spilling sunlight into the center of the room. They stand in the doorway. Just outside of the beam of light -- Martin. Ruby cowering behind him. He raises his hands. Carson raises his pistol to Martin. Carson smiles with murderous delight. Unbeknownst to Carson, by raising his gun, his arm has broken the plane from light to shadow. His finger starts to squeeze the trigger -- -- IN A BLUR, Martin GRABS his hand and CRUSHES. BANG! The shot fires harmlessly into the floorboard. Carson SCREAMS in agony, clutching his mangled hand. Kyle lunges toward Martin with the axe, but Martin deftly avoids the swinging blade. However, the force takes the axe right toward Ruby... WHOMP. The axe CHOPS... ...into the wall just above her head. Ruby SHRIEKS. Martin turns toward KYLE, furious, FANGS OUT. An animal reacting to its little one being threatened. Martin SLAMS Kyle against the wall. Mercilessly SMASHES his fist into Kyle’s face. Over and over. Blood splattering. Carson watches this in horror. He stumbles past his twitching brother, running for his life. Carson scampers down the steps of the porch, practically crawling to the posse in the The gang approaches him with guns drawn. Carson shakes, speckled in his brother’s blood. From the doorway of the house, Kyle stumbles out. His face is a completely wrecked. His comrades look at him in horror. Kyle’s legs can’t carry him past the porch. He falls -- -- the axe is EMBEDDED IN HIS BACK. With that, the cabin door SLAMS SHUT as we A gentle snow falls upon a knot of WELL-TO-DO TOWNSFOLK. They stand around the town’s FIRST ELECTRIC STREET LAMP. A steamliner blows its horn in the nearby port. The lamp LIGHTS UP, along with A DOZEN OTHER LAMPS lining the street. The crowd “oohs” and “ahhs”. A CURIOUS TEENAGER moves closer to the wondrous light source. Then the lamps FLICKER OUT. Disappointed groans. A MAN in a TOP HAT fiddles with some wires in the lamp. BWANG. The lights come back on. But now, standing amongst the crowd...SIX DARK-COATED VAMPIRES. In a flash, it’s a MASSACRE. The vampires BITE and SLASH. Blood in the snow. Splattering on the lamp’s bulb. The CURIOUS TEENAGER makes a run for it, but is cut off by...MARTIN. More animal than man. Stares the kid down with pitiless orange eyes. He STRIKES. The TEENAGER hits the ground as Martin tears chunks from his neck. TWO OTHER VAMPIRES join, smiling in orgasmic delight as they jockey for position at the buffet. Martin feasts, lost in his hunger... Martin huffs, amped up. Fangs in full view. Feels good. Blood is spattered on the floor, the walls. He stares at the dripping blood, entranced. Salivating. But then, snapping out of it, his eyes scan the room. Panic seizes him. She’s nowhere to be seen. He sniffs the air. Ruby is curled up beneath her mother’s bed, eyes tightly shut. She hears approaching FOOTSTEPS and scrunches further. Martin’s boots come into view. He crouches and peeks beneath the bed -- his fangs receded, his eyes their normal hue. She doesn’t respond. He reaches for her. She recoils. Martin lowers his eyes. His fears realized. It’s him she’s scared of. Carson sits on the ground in a daze while Viggo examines his hand. Other members of the posse have gathered around him out of concern and confusion. Gus barks. Edgardo drags Kyle’s body toward the group. Under inspection, Viggo sees Carson’s hand is crushed into a pulp. No bones to set -- just a mass of fractures. Viggo gazes into Carson’s eyes. Carson stares off, still in shock. Viggo and Blue Wade exchange concerned glances. Blue Wade places a calming arm on Carson’s shoulder. Blue Wade pulls out a scrap of paper and a pencil. Places it in Carson’s lap. Carson doesn’t move. Blue Wade sighs. Viggo stands up, leaning into Blue Wade. Edgardo flops Kyle’s body before Viggo and Blue Wade. He yanks out the axe from Kyle’s back. Rolls him over. Kyle’s face is CAVED IN. Smashed beyond recognition. Even these hardened outlaws can’t help but grimace. The sound of pencil SCRATCHING paper. Blue Wade turns to Carson, who is suddenly animated. Writes with a trembling hand. The pencil falls to the ground. Carson holds the piece of paper aloft. Blue Wade snatches it from him. Edgardo crowds to look. They both read. Edgardo recoils, a muttered Spanish prayer on his lips. Blue Wade stares. A twist of concern crosses his face. We see the single scrawled word on the paper: Blue Wade CRUMPLES the paper in his hand. Pastor Nathan sits at a small desk, smiling at a PRUNED WOMAN (80s) seated across from him. She opens a leather bag. Removes two stacks of bills, neatly bound. She admires Pastor Nathan as she hands the stacks over. He puts his hand tenderly on hers. She smiles. She smiles. She struggles to stand. Pastor Nathan moves to her side, helping her to her feet. As he walks her to the door, we see that a LINE OF TOWNSPEOPLE in the church waiting to enter back room, each holding what MONEY they could scrape together. Cutting ahead of them, holding a bag of laundry -- CHEN. Pastor Nathan is annoyed, as she enters. She does. Then pauses. Pastor Nathan glares at her. Pastor Nathan sighs. He takes his seat back at his desk. Chen remains standing, nervous. The holy man smirks, unimpressed. Pastor Nathan’s eyes widen. Pastor Nathan puts the cash into a satchel in the CLOSET. He’s surprised that she’s still there when he looks back. Pastor Nathan tilts his head, growing concerned. Pastor Nathan’s eyes bulge in anger. He appears ready to strike her...but he composes himself.  fountain is a righteous man who gives way  before the wicked.” Chen stares at Pastor Nathan. There’s no reaching him. Chen turns around. As she walks, she calls over her shoulder. Pastor Nathan stiffens. Shoots a nervous glance to his cracked open closet. Inside, almost out of view, hangs a FLOGGER. Metal barbs inserted at the tips. Dried blood on the leather. The sun is higher in the sky, hitting both the front and side of the house now. Martin sits on the floor, back against the wall. Ruby still hides under the bed. Silence. Then -- Martin sighs. Where to begin. A long moment...then... Scuffling under the bed. Ruby crawls out. Settles a few feet from him. Martin looks at her, appreciative. They sit in silence. Martin smirks. Edgardo watches Hugh down swig after swig of whiskey. IN A FLASH, Hugh pulls out his six-shooter and BULLSEYES a passing crow. Edgardo shrugs. Okay, keep drinking. Meanwhile, Blue Wade and Viggo stare at the cabin. Viggo gazes at Martin’s structure. The BOARDED WINDOWS. Blue Wade smiles. Blue Wade whistles to his posse. They fall in line... ...except Bone, who kneels next to Gus. The canine emits a low growl, still not crossing some invisible threshold near the cabin. Blue Wade joins them, petting Gus. Bone strokes the lines of the tattoos on his face. Bone looks to his furry companion. Then to Blue Wade. Who does he trust more? He nods to Blue Wade. Joins him. Martin and Ruby sit astride each other now. Ruby almost recovered from the shock -- -- BANG. They both snap to attention. The sound coming from the main room. Martin turns to Ruby. Martin moves to the BANG BANG BANG. Sees the covering to the SIDE window RATTLING as it is STRUCK by... ...the butt of Edgardo’s shotgun. He strikes the heavy wood over and over again. Nothing but a few scratches. He turns to the crew, shrugging. Hugh pulls out his six shooter. BANG! BANG! Martin ducks as two bullets pierce the window covering. The two bullet holes now stream FOCUSED BEAMS OF LIGHT across the room. Ruby wide-eye stares at Martin. Blue Wade yanks Hugh’s arm down, lowering his weapon. Hugh throws up his arms. Bone marches over to the bloodied, discarded axe. Martin motions for Ruby to retreat, but she runs to Martin’s side. From the side window again. Martin and Ruby look to it, growing dread. SHUNCK. SHUNCK. Bone CHOPS away at the window’s covering. Chunks of wood spray. Deep gashes. Making progress. Viggo takes out two small HATCHETS from his belt. Rounds the corner to the And approaches the FRONT WINDOW. SHINK SHINK SHINK. Martin watches the front window barricade shake and crack. Unsure what to do other than hold Ruby close. SHUNCK. The axe splits through the wood of the side barricade. A sliver of light slices across the room -- -- right across MARTIN’S ARM. He GRUNTS in pain as the arm BOILS and BLISTERS. He scampers out of the way. Martin holds his injured arm, smoke rising from it. Bone receives the sad plea with delight. Gus BARKS excitedly. Bone chops faster. Martin watches as a wider beam of light pours through the expanding hole. From the front window, Viggo’s hatchets make headway, scraping open a small opening. Martin scans the room in a growing panic. Sunlight criss- crossing it like razor wire. Suddenly, he does the last thing we’d expect -- he scurries across the room, dodging the beams, and sidles up beside Bone’s window. The one with the largest hole. Bone chops another chunk from the covering. He can see through the hole now. Spies Ruby, cowering in the corner. Smiles a sickly smile. Raises the axe. SHUNCK. This last blow cuts open a hole big enough for Bone to fit his head. He moves close to the hole, scanning the room. His eyes fall back on Ruby. Martin GRABS Bone’s head. But instead of snapping it, he GAZES INTO HIS EYES. Forehead to forehead. WHISPERING. It’s barely audible, an OTHERWORLDLY LANGUAGE. Bone fights it. Bone’s eyes GLOSS OVER. Enraptured. Hugh notices Bone’s face in the hole, body rigid. Bone turns away from the hole, facing Hugh. A faraway look in his eyes. He drops the axe. Pulls out his six shooter. Hugh recoils, hand at his hip for his own piece. This catches the attention of the rest of the posse. With everyone at attention -- -- Bone places the gun under his own chin. The crew tenses. Bone looks to Blue Wade with cloudy eyes. Martin, back against the wall, mouths Bone’s words. Bone, his puppet. He SWEATS with EFFORT, controlling a full human being. Bone slowly turns his neck, looking at his compatriots one by one. Blue Wade is the last to meet Bone’s gaze. Sees his intent. Bone’s head ERUPTS, bullet through his head. He crumples in a heap. The crew stares in confounded horror. Gus whimpers. Hugh steps towards the fallen man, but Edgardo holds him. Martin exhales, dripping sweat. Slides to the floor, exhausted. Ruby races to his side. Touches him softly. He holds his injured arm. Looks at the hole in the window. Desperately hoping this has been enough. A simple shop of grain bags, tools, cured meats, etc. Dave McDonough stands behind the counter while his wife EMILY (40s), loyal and proud, takes inventory. The door chimes open. E.B. Trott struts in, flanked by TWO BIG GOONS (20s). The McDonoughs tense. E.B. places a bank document on the counter. McDonough is stunned. McDonough peers at E.B. The goons roughly grab inventory, loading their sacks. McDonough comes charging from behind the counter, but Emily gets between him and the goons. E.B. smiles. Gently takes Emily’s hand. He kisses her hand...and REMOVES her wedding ring. E.B. and the goons head out, leaving the McDonoughs filled with impotent rage. Blue Wade stares at Bone’s dead body, trying to wrap his mind around what he just witnessed. Edgardo quietly mutters prayers. Viggo stares at the carnage, adrenaline coursing through his frame. Carson is in a daze. Gus scurries over to his former owner...and laps at his spilled brains. Blue Wade gives Gus a kick in the ribs. Gus whimpers and scampers away. Gives one last look at his fallen master. Takes off into the plain. Hugh turns to Blue Wade, freaking out. Blue Wade stares off, contemplating. In a flash, Blue Wade KNOCKS Hugh’s whiskey flask from his hand. This frightens Hugh. Blue Wade stares out at his crew. An inner fire stoked. Blue Wade absorbs this. He pins Edgardo with his gaze. Hugh scoops up his flask, taking another swig. Hugh turns to leave, but then Viggo is in front of him. Hugh’s eyes go wide. Didn’t think of that. Blue Wade nods. Hugh lowers his head, resignation taking over.  our heads before we make our next move. Blue Wade heads toward a shady spot. Viggo and Carson fall in. Hugh has one last shred of hesitation. Edgardo passes him, not breaking stride. Hugh takes this in. Falls in line with the posse. Martin, against the wall, holds his stomach in pain. He tries not to let Ruby notice, but it’s grown unbearable. Ruby looks to Martin, then to a hunk of bread on the counter. He puts a restraining hand on her, but she slips away. She darts over and snatches the bread. Tumbles back beside him. She presses the bread into his hand. Martin nods. He doesn’t eat the bread. Ruby stares at him. Trying to understand. She looks at him tentatively. Almost afraid of what she’s about to say. Martin gazes at the floor. Ruby absorbs his meaning. Pastor Nathan kneels in the empty church, gazing at the HUGE CRUCIFIX on the wall. Three candles burning. He bows his head in prayer. Before Pastor Nathan is his METAL-TIPPED FLOGGER. He unbuttons his white shirt, revealing his flabby, bare back. Marked with SCARS, the same ones we saw on Blue Wade’s back. He grips the flogger. Steels himself. SNAP. He whips over his shoulder into his back. Leaves a bloody trail. SNAP. Digs deeper. Pastor Nathan’s teeth are clenched tight. Face fixed in painful, righteous ecstasy. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP. The sun is now directly overhead. THREE BUZZARDS circle in the sky. Attracted to the smell of death in this place. The sun blazes down on mashed face. Splattered brains. While Blue Wade slowly walks the grounds, examining the house in relation to the landscape, the rest of the crew sit under a tree. While Edgardo and Hugh argue, Viggo quietly unfurls a cloth from his pack. Knives of different lengths and materials lay before him. Hugh notices Viggo. Viggo scans the knives for the right tool. He pulls out an IVORY BLADE, carved of a single tusk. Hugh looks at it with wide eyes. Just then, Blue Wade rejoins the group. Blue Wade motions toward the house. A smile on his face. The beams of light coming through the holes in the windows have dissipated with the sun’s new position. Martin has taken up a position against the wall, peeking out the window through one of the small holes. MARTIN’S POV Blue Wade draws in the dirt with a stick, his gang gathered around. Martin’s eyes narrow. What are they up to? Ruby sits across the room, clutching her doll. Meow. Ruby lifts her head. The sound coming faintly from Pearl’s bedroom. She looks to Martin, who is still intently staring through the hole. Ruby stands. Quietly makes her way to the hallway. Martin suddenly turns toward her. She holds up the doll. Martin nods. Ruby makes her way to She stands still, scanning the room. Ruby moves to the wall. MEOW. The sound is coming from outside. Ruby looks up at the shut window. Looks back to the hallway. Ruby is on a stool, reaching up to the window. SHUNCK. Quietly unlatches the covering. Slowly slides the window shutter open. Diffuse light spreads into the room. Ruby peeks over the ledge. RUBY’S POV Rascal playfully rolls on the ground, several feet from the window. No outlaws in sight. Ruby leans halfway out the window, extending her arms as far as they will go. Rascal stands. Saunters toward Ruby. Almost within her grasp... But then Rascal JUMPS away, lands up on his haunches. He wants to play. Ruby waves her arms for him. Rascal moves and sways excitedly. Not interested in coming without a chase. Ruby steels herself. CLIMBS over the ledge. Ruby lands on the grass. Rascal skitters under a bush. Blue Wade sketches a square in the dirt. Then a line going into the square. He looks up. Sees Carson is barely paying attention. Fidgeting. Shifting his weight between his legs. Blue Wade grows impatient. Carson nods gratefully and scampers toward the The outhouse that will put him in eyeshot of RUBY. Ruby reaches for Rascal, who recoils under the bush. She reaches her fingers as far as they can go. Rascal BATS them playfully. Carson heads toward the outhouse with a singularity of -- not noticing the slight rustling of the bush only a few yards away from the outhouse. Ruby has got a hand on Rascal’s tail -- -- MEOW! Rascals slips away and scampers under the house. Ruby sighs. She stands up and tromps toward the house. From inside the outhouse, through the seam of the door, we spy Ruby! But Carson, sitting on the toilet, has his eyes fixed on a nudie magazine. His eyes widen at a buxom lady. Ruby gingerly approaches the house. Ducks to slide under after the cat. Just then, Carson looks up through the seam. But no one’s there. He goes back to the task at hand. Rascal is scrunched against a beam. Ruby flattens out on her belly. Crawls through the dirt. Closer and closer... Rascal makes a break for it -- -- but this time Ruby GRABS HIM by the scruff of the neck. Pulls him to her. The cat grows docile in her arms. Ruby backs out from under the house, Rascal in hand. She stands up -- -- JUST AS THE OUTHOUSE DOOR OPENS. Carson stares at Ruby with wide eyes. Ruby stares back. For a moment, neither can believe what they are seeing. And then, in an instant, THE CHASE IS ON. Ruby takes off toward the window, Carson hard charging. She hears his SICKLY, MUTED CRIES from behind. As she runs, Rascal squirms in her arms, frightened. And just as she reaches the window...Rascal JUMPS free and disappears back under the house. Ruby watches him run, powerless, as Carson closes on. With no choice, Ruby pulls herself up into the window. Ruby is almost all the way in when -- -- Carson grabs her ankle with his good hand. YANKS her hard. She slides halfway out, holding on by her fingertips. Looking desperately into the room...she sees MARTIN appear in the doorway. He RACES to the window. Grabs Ruby’s hand. Even with sun’s rays diffuse, his skin starts to BURN. He PULLS her through the window. She lands on the floor with a THUMP. The force takes Carson’s arm through the window as well. CLOSE ON CARSON -- abject fear as he locks eyes with Martin. Carson tries to pull his arm from the window -- -- as Martin grabs the shutter and SLIDES it shut. CRUNCH. Carson’s good hand is MASHED by the force of the shutter. Martin can’t quite close the latch with Carson’s hand jammed into the covering. He opens it slightly, allowing the hand to slide out. SLAMS the covering shut. Carson falls to the ground. Looks to his two ruined hands. Cries a tongueless cry. Just then, Hugh rounds the corner. Finds Carson on the ground, shellshocked. Furrows his brow. Martin glares at Ruby, smoke still rising from his burned flesh. In pain. Martin breathes a long sigh. The men stand in their huddle around Blue Wade’s plans drawn in the dirt. Carson nurses his newly mangled hand. Blue grins wickedly. Ruby sniffles on the ground, eyes red with tears. Martin saddens. Ruby bristles. Martin is struck by this. Her childish wisdom hanging heavy in the air. Where is she safe? Martin snaps his head to attention. Hugh and Edgardo stand over Pearl’s grave holding shovels, a pile of dirt on their side. Hugh clears the dirt away from the lid of the coffin. Hugh pulls the lid off. Edgardo, Hugh and Carson all recoil at the sight. Martin moves to the window. Trembling with anger. Through the hole in the window covering, Martin watches the defilement. Edgardo stares in disgust. They both move to lift her body from her coffin. Martin’s eyes flash with RAGE. He lets loose an INHUMAN ROAR The sound startles the outlaws, who freeze in fear. The ROAR echoes through the town. Stopping every townsperson in their tracks. -- SHERIFF HASTINGS looks up from his desk. -- E.B. TROTT freezes inside the bank vault. -- THE MCDONOUGHS turn to each other in the store. -- DMITRI COYNE sits upright in a bubble bath. -- PASTOR NATHAN gazes at the crucifix and smiles. -- CHEN pauses in the street, laundry sack over her shoulder. Concern takes hold of her. What have they done? CLOSE ON MARTIN’S FACE, mad with rage when -- BLAM! A BULLET STRIKES MARTIN DIRECTLY IN THE FOREHEAD. He hits the floor. We follow drifting smoke to a rifle, Blue Wade smiling behind it. He’s crouched on the large rocks at the edge of the property. Ruby runs to Martin, who is motionless on the floor. Blood seeps from the shot in his head. She turns his head toward hers. His eyes are open, but not blinking. CHUNCK. CHUNCK. CHUNCK. Viggo wields the axe with steely precision at the hinges of the door as the rest of the posse race to join him. Ruby sees the door giving way. Desperate tears form in her eyes. She frantically searches the room. The crew HOOT and HOLLER as Viggo makes headway. CHUNCK. CHUNCK. WHOMP. The door is finally chopped off its hinges and collapses into the house. Diffuse light spreads into the room. Viggo stands in the doorway, admiring his handiwork. Blue Wade pushes past him. This is his score. He surveys the room. Martin lies on the floor, blood pooling around his head. Ruby cradles him. Blue Wade smiles wryly at the little girl. Takes careful steps toward Martin’s body. The rest of the posse cautiously file in. Edgardo’s eyes widen at the sight of Martin. Blue Wade reaches out tenderly to Ruby. She doesn’t respond. Only cries. Blue Wade reaches out a hand toward Ruby. She crawls backwards, scared. We watch her fearful retreat through the reflection of Martin’s open eyes. Bodies lie strewn on the dusty streets. Another massacre. The fighting’s over though, so now it’s a vampire feast. Martin tears into a fallen MAN, his simple home WRECKED. A soft cry from the closet. Martin’s ears perk up. He stands, throws open the door to find a MEXICAN WOMAN... clutching an INFANT. Martin bares down...but then softens. The innocent baby too much for him even in his animalistic state. His fangs retract. He hears commotion outside. Thinking fast, he motions for them to escape out a BACKDOOR. The woman doesn’t believe him at first, but has no choice. She takes off, clutching her baby. Martin stands in the hut, unsure of what he’s done. A SHRIEK from outside. Martin goes to the back door. The woman lies on the ground, bloody, dying, reaching for her baby...who is being DEVOURED by three vampires. Something breaks in Martin. He turns from the vampires. Starts walking, slow and steady, away from the carnage. Martin’s dead eyes stare at us. Hugh sees a framed PHOTO of PEARL on the shelf. Takes it off and looks at it lasciviously. Blue Wade kneels so that he and Ruby are face to face. CRACK. The photo falls to the floor, the glass breaking. Blue Wade turns to Hugh. Hugh is white. Jaw dropped. Blue Wade cranes his head... And over his shoulder... We see Martin PAINFULLY RISE to his knees... He braces himself against the table... DRAGS himself to his feet... The posse stare, dumbfounded. Even Blue Wade can’t believe what he’s seeing. Ruby’s eyes widen with hope. Martin’s body shakes with effort. His return to “life”, unglamorous and agonizing. He looks up at the outlaws, his face a mask of pain. From Martin’s skull wound, the bullet slowly ejects. CL-CLINK. It hits the floor and rolls away. Everyone in this small western house takes stock of what has just happened. Martin blinks -- his eyes ORANGE. Reality sets in. With surprising speed, Hugh draws on Martin. Unleashes all six bullets from his gun. But as the smoke clears, we see his hand is shaking wildly at the sight of Martin...and he’s missed every shot. He locks eyes with the frightful beast. In a flash, Martin’s hand is around HUGH’S NECK. CRACK. He snaps it. Hugh crumples to the floor, DEAD in an instant. BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM! Blue Wade and Edgardo fire at Martin, but he ducks and dodges. Martin unsteadily comes back to his feet. Blue Wade gets a clean look. CLICK. Out of bullets. Martin glares at Blue Wade. Murder in his eyes. But suddenly, Viggo wedges between them, bone knife at the ready. Martin grabs Viggo’s neck -- Viggo counters by JAMMING his blade into Martin’s forearm. Martin GROWLS and THROWS Viggo against the wall, knocking the wind out of him. He looms over Viggo, baring his teeth. Viggo looks at Martin’s visage in awe, almost swooning at the perfect killer. Blue Wade stares at this monster about to kill his friend. Orange eyes. Fangs. Demonic. His hand falls to his belt. Around Pastor Nathan’s CROSS. He pulls it out. Looks at it. Worth a shot. CLOSE ON MARTIN As his jaw opens toward Viggo... SHUNCK. Martin freezes, orange eyes wide with panic. WE SEE Blue Wade standing behind him. The cross JAMMED into Martin’s back. Martin SHAKES, tremors spreading from the cross out through his entire body. He COLLAPSES. Violently spasms on the floor. The crew gather around the convulsing creature. Martin’s eyes and ears now bleeding. Blue Wade watches Martin’s reaction with sick fascination. C-CLICK. Their eyes slowly fall to the hallway... Ruby stands, hands trembling around her mother’s shotgun. She’s trained on Carson. Blue Wade gives the little girl a once over. She’s desperately trying to hide her fear. He smiles to her. BLAM! Carson’s head explodes. Blue Wade is covered in his blood. Carson’s body collapses... To reveal CHEN holding a smoking shotgun in the doorway. She cocks it. Ruby ducks beside the squirming Martin. BLAM! Chen fires another spray of shrapnel. The outlaws SCATTER. Viggo down the hall, Blue Wade and Edgardo behind the KNOCKED-OVER KITCHEN TABLE. Chen slings her shotgun over her shoulder and produces a SIX-SHOOTER. BLAM BLAM! She fires at the table. Chen catches eyes with Ruby and motions with her head toward PEARL’S ROOM. Ruby understands and begins dragging the ailing Martin as Chen lays down suppressing fire. BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM! Chen spins, back to wall, and reloads her six-shooter. Blue Wade and Edgardo poke their heads up from behind the table and RETURN FIRE. BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM! Wood EXPLODES around Chen. She ducks under the volley of bullets. A chunk of shrapnel SLICES her cheek, but she’s got no time for pain. At the first break in fire, she spins back into the And OPENS FIRE once more. BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM! Meanwhile, Ruby and the hobbled Martin crawl closer and closer to his chamber... BLAM BLAM! Edgardo takes a bullet through the ARM. He grabs it, grimacing. Chen sees Martin and Ruby cross the threshold of Pearl’s room. She catches eyes with Martin for a moment. He gazes back, barely conscious. She nods dutifully. SHUNCK. Chen’s face grows white. Stricken. Her body shudders. Behind her, Viggo. His knife deep in her back. Martin and Ruby watch in horror as Viggo moves his blade inside her, until at last, she falls. Viggo wipes his knife clean. Viggo’s attention snaps to the duo. He STOMPS toward them, and Martin has no choice but to SLAM THE DOOR SHUT. Martin bolts the door locked and crumples into a heap, Ruby in hysterics. The cross sticks from his back, the skin around it blackened, bubbling and blistering. He writhes in pain. Ruby, gathering herself, approaches, scared. She reaches for the cross. Delicately grabs it. Slowly pulls. Martin’s back arches as he lets out a PRIMAL SCREAM. The cross comes out with a spray of blood. Ruby pulls a handkerchief from her pocket, wrapping the cross within. Slides it under the bed, out of sight. Slowly, Martin’s pained breathing begins to relax. Blood spills from his wounds, dark pools on the floor. BANG. BANG. BANG. Blue Wade hammers at Martin’s door with his fists. Edgardo looks to Blue Wade, a smug smile on his face. Blue Wade looks out the window. The sun’s rays are weakening as it lowers in the sky. Edgardo catches on. Joins in with mighty KICKS into the door. As his comrades assault the door, Viggo BREAKS the legs off of the TABLE. Holds them together, forming a cross. BANG. BANG. BANG. Ruby lights a candle. Moves close to Martin. Clings to him. His blood making her as red as her namesake. Martin groans in pain on the floor. Gazes at Ruby, at what he’s wrought. His vision focuses on her blood-speckled face... Martin staggers through a thicket. A BLOODY GASH torn through his side. He stumbles and trips as SOMETHING BIG crashes through the brush behind him. Ahead, Martin spots a candlelit window in the darkness. He pushes toward it with every ounce of strength he’s got, THE THING on his trail getting closer. Just yards from the solitary structure, Martin’s legs give out. He falls to the ground. Martin looks up and the thing reveals itself -- A GIANT GRIZZLY BEAR. It ROARS, ready to end him. Martin braces for the death blow... BLAM! BLAM! The beast goes down with a CRY. Behind Martin... PEARL, smoking shotgun in her hand. She is robust here. Framed in the moonlight, she looks like a hardened, Western angel. She eyes Martin with caution as he passes out at her feet. Martin lays in a pile of straw, barely conscious. Pearl tends to his slashed side with a wet rag. She’s surprisingly tender for treating a strange man. Then we see what allows her this luxury: an even younger Ruby stands with a shotgun trained on him. They’re no helpless maidens. Pearl gets up to leave. Martin’s woozy eyes widen as he sees sunlight creeping in through the barn door. Pearl looks at the approaching rays. Then at Martin. Martin panics, struggling to move, but far too injured. Pearl turns to Ruby. Both tense, unsure of what to do. With a sunbeam inching toward Martin, Pearl decides. Pearl grabs Martin under his arms. Their faces close. She hoists him up with great effort, then drags him away from the streaming sunlight. Pearl rests him in a darkened corner of the barn. Martin’s labored breathing slows as he calms. Pearl’s soft eyes give him comfort. Pearl walks in with a plate of mashed potatoes and gravy. Stops in her tracks. Before her, a bloody trail. A mess of feathers. She follows it to the corner. Hears grunting and snarling. Pearl cautiously approaches the sounds, rounding a stall to find -- Martin DEVOURING A CHICKEN. His face and hands soaked in blood. His fangs extended. Eyes orange. She SCREAMS. Drops the plate of food, covering her mouth. Martin looks up at her. Drops the chicken and scampers behind a hay bale. Pearl deftly swings the shotgun strapped to her shoulder into firing position. She slowly rounds the hay bale. Expecting the worst. Instead, she finds Martin cowering like a wounded animal. Pearl again looks at the blood all around. The blood on his lips. Sees his wounds -- impossibly healed. And his face, no longer monstrous, looks utterly ashamed. Her finger still on the trigger... Releases. She lowers the shotgun. Gazes at Martin with compassion. Ruby leads Smoke to his stall, but he bucks and pulls against her. The horse rears back, sending Ruby into the mud. He grows more and more agitated. Ruby’s frustration bleeds into fear. She crawls on her back, trying to avoid the horse’s POWERFUL HOOVES crashing down on the ground beside her. Now in great danger, Ruby freezes up, terrified. CLOP CLOP! CLOP CLOP! Inches from crushing her... Suddenly, Martin stands before her. Shirtless, wounds mostly healed. Smoke falls still at Martin’s powerful presence. Saying nothing, he approaches Smoke. Gently pets the creature, leaning in close. Whispers something inaudible into the animal’s ear. Martin turns to the shaken Ruby. He offers his hand to her. After a long moment, she takes it, their hands touching for the first time. He pulls her up and offers her the reins. Gestures toward the stall. Ruby nods. Leads Smoke in, closing the gate behind him. Martin watches, satisfied. He looks over his shoulder. There, through the window of the house, stands Pearl. She has been watching the whole time. She smiles. Ruby sitting at the kitchen table next to Martin. She efforts to sound out a passage from Peter Pan. Martin looks up. Pearl watches Martin’s delicate interaction with her girl. Face aglow. Pearl tucks Ruby into her bed. She kisses Ruby goodnight. Moves to blow out the candle. Martin looks at Ruby, taken aback. Seeks permission from Pearl. She grants it with her eyes. Martin leans and places a gentle kiss on Ruby’s forehead. Pearl and Martin stand near each other. Speaking in hushed tones. She moves past him, their bodies close. Motions near the fireplace. Martin throws a glance at the window above. Pearl smiles. Martin doesn’t return her smile. Instead, his face hardens. He walks away. Pearl furrows her brow, confused. Martin stands by the sink. Pearl joins him. Martin shakes his head. He places the photo of his WIFE and DAUGHTER on the counter. Pearl leans in close. Martin meets her eyes, recognizes her own loss. Martin looks away. Pearl won’t let him go. She holds him close. He’s resistant. Eyes her neck. He holds her back...but she can’t see that his fangs have emerged. His eyes orange. He trembles. He moves his face toward her neck, slower and slower... ...fangs against her flesh, almost poking through... ...when Pearl gently moves his mouth from her neck. Guides his mouth toward her own mouth. THEY KISS. When they release, his fangs are gone, eyes human. She gazes at him. Martin gazes at Ruby’s blood-speckled face. BANG BANG BANG. Ruby only squeezes him tighter. BANG. BANG. BANG. The outlaws keep up their assault on the door, the hinges shaking with their desperate strikes. BANG. BANG. BANG. Ruby looks at Martin, tears welling. Martin looks to Ruby gravely. BANG. BANG. BANG. BANG. BANG. BANG. The door is almost off its hinges. Ruby moves to the TRICK FLOORBOARD. Takes one last look at the depleted Martin. Ruby nods. Lowers the floorboard and disappears. Martin leans over and BLOWS out the single candle. DARKNESS. The gang continues pounding on the door. Finally, the wood CRACKS and SPLINTERS. He rears back, KICKING the door in with a final blow. The door BREAKS OPEN. Light spills from the hall into the darkened chamber. The outlaws stand silhouetted in the door frame. Blue Wade steps in, narrowing his eyes in the low light. And after a long moment...out of the shadow...staggers MARTIN. Barely able to stay on his feet. Still, he is defiant. Blue Wade takes in the ailing man. Motions to Viggo and Edgardo. They produce MAKESHIFT CROSSES: broken wood from the day’s events, nailed and tied together. Martin steels himself, then LUNGES at the men -- -- WHAM. Edgardo strikes Martin’s face with his cross. Martin stumbles to his knees, blood dripping from his mouth. Martin SWATS at Edgardo’s legs with his hands, but Viggo follows up with a cross-aided BLOW to Martin’s back. Martin HOWLS in pain. Now crawling...Martin tries to grab Blue Wade’s boot with his shaking hand. Blue Wade looks down at the futile effort. Smiles. SMASHES into Martin’s skull with his cross. Martin’s head hits the floor. He falls still. Blue Wade gazes at the defeated Martin, a cautious smile on his lips. Just then, Viggo THROWS the cabinet over. Edgardo flips the bed. They turn to Blue Wade. Blue Wade grits his teeth. He scans the room. His eyes focus upon the SEAM IN THE FLOOR. He slides his hand under it, revealing the TRICK FLOORBOARD. Blue Wade looks to the ailing Martin, then to his remaining crew. Ruby desperately scrambles through the SCRUB BRUSH, the brittle branches scratching through her skin. Tears stream down her face. In the distance, she spots a saddled BLACK HORSE. Empty rifle holster. An outlaw’s horse, wandered from the fray. She moves toward it, toward her deliverance. Ruby is only a few yards from the black horse when -- Ruby stops in her tracks. Slowly turns her head back toward the ranch. The sun is behind the house now, casting a shadow several feet beyond the porch. Blue Wade stands beyond the shadow, calling out into the open range. On the porch stand Edgardo and Viggo. The both grip a LENGTH OF ROPE leading into the house. Fear creases Ruby’s face. She parts the brush to get a view of the house. Blue Wade waits for a response... Then waves to Viggo and Edgardo. Together, they YANK the rope... The BATTERED MARTIN is dragged through the entrance. Noose around his neck. They pull him DOWN THE STEPS OF THE PORCH until he is just inches from where the shadow meets the light. Ruby gasps. The sight of Martin helpless striking her to her core. Viggo and Edgardo take position in front of the porch. One good yank will pull Martin into the sunlight. Ruby emerges from the scrub brush, several dozen yards from the house. Blue Wade smiles. Ruby gingerly approaches the outlaws. Blue Wade encourages Ruby with open arms. Walks toward her to meet her halfway. Martin, coming to, painfully lifts his head up to see -- BLUE WADE wraps his arms around RUBY. A nightmare. Ruby looks up at Blue Wade. Blue Wade gazes at Martin. Considering his fate. Martin puffs up one last time. A LOW GROWL escapes his throat. Blue Wade coldly nods to Viggo and Edgardo. Together, they YANK THE ROPE. Martin is jerked into the SUN’S DESTRUCTIVE RAYS. His skin is ON FIRE before he hits the ground. The IGNITION causes the posse to SCATTER. The reality of a man bursting into flame overcoming them. But even as Martin is consumed by fire, he CRAWLS toward his daughter. Inch by painful inch. Until even his incredible will is not enough... The sun charring his flesh until he is still... His flaming hand almost touching Ruby... Ruby sobs as she watches the final twitches of life escape him. The outlaws stare at the dead body in disbelief. It’s really over. Blue Wade lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding as he gazes at the flaming beast. After a moment, the fire dies down to low burning embers. Viggo approaches the blackened body, kneeling beside it. He seems almost disappointed as he draws his bone blade. He pulls Martin’s arm out from his body. Readies his blade. And in one swift movement, CHOPS off Martin’s hand. He pulls the scorched hand from the ground. Hooks it into his bandolier, joining his other mementos. Blue Wade peeks at the spectacle from over Viggo’s shoulder. Blue Wade sits astride his horse. Viggo holds Ruby on his, her eyes vacant, shell-shocked. Edgardo, favoring his wounded arm, hands Blue Wade Martin’s TIN OF MONEY. The last item of value in this place. Blue Wade opens it. Inside, the photo of Martin with his wife and daughter. Blue Wade smirks. He flips over the photo. Can’t believe what he sees. Scrawled on the back: Blue Wade stares, flabbergasted. He struggles to process. Looks back to Martin. Too late for questions. Edgardo calls out from ahead. Blue Wade tucks the photo into his pocket. Looks to Edgardo as though they’ve been having a conversation. Blue Wade starts his horse trotting back to town. Edgardo is left perplexed. He follows Blue Wade and Viggo... ...leaving Martin’s body to blister in the setting sun. Pastor Nathan stands at the lectern. Behind him on a table, a bulging bag of cash. The pews are filled with most of the town. All can feel something is brewing. The door of the church swings open. Blue Wade stands in the door way. Behind him, Edgardo, arm bandaged, holding Ruby by the shoulders. Viggo close behind. The noisy energy of the congregation falls silent. The congregation stares at him, dumbstruck. They look to Pastor Nathan for guidance, but he too can’t find words. Edgardo pulls out his shotgun. BLAM! Edgardo fires into the ceiling. This gets the people moving out the door. A few congregants makes eyes at the shellshocked Ruby as they leave, but they’re too scared to ask questions. Everyone’s gone. Viggo closes the door. Blue Wade stares at Pastor Nathan. He wears the look of a soldier returning from war. Shuffles down the aisle. Motions to Ruby. Viggo holds the BLACKENED HAND high for Pastor Nathan. Pastor Nathan stares at the hand. His suspicions confirmed. Blue Wade bears down on his brother. Blue Wade considers. Fair enough. Deep waters roil inside the mercenary. Pastor Nathan smirks, shaking his head. Pastor Nathan grabs the bag of cash. Hands it to Blue Wade. They both hold it for a tense moment, staring. Finally, Blue Wade pulls the bag fully into his hands. He hands it to Edgardo who opens the bag. SMILES WIDELY. More money than he’s ever seen. He leads Ruby to Pastor Nathan. Pastor Nathan stares at Ruby like the cat who swallowed the canary. Pastor Nathan embraces Blue Wade. Whispers in his ear. Pastor Nathan breaks the embrace. Smiles. Pastor Nathan gets on his knees before the cross. Blue Wade gives it a long look. What will he do? He spits. Pastor Nathan sneers at Blue Wade, gives up. He leads Ruby away to the side room. Blue Wade remains, staring at them, then looking up at the CRUCIFIX. Edgardo nudges Blue Wade. Blue Wade offers a creaky smile. Snapshots of the carnage. Bone’s body, hole through his head. Kyle’s face, left to the flies. Chen on the porch in a pool of blood. Martin’s BLACKENED CARCASS. Baking in the setting sun. The three omnipresent buzzards circle lower toward Martin...and finally land. They move into position. Peck...peck...peck... The snap up pieces of the charred flesh. Legs, arms, chest. One curious buzzard, hops onto the Bounces toward Chen. Leans over to take a bite of her juicy eyeball. GASP. Chen’s eyes POP OPEN as she takes a RAGGED BREATH, frightening the buzzard. It flaps away, and the others follow suit. Chen looks down at her bloody body. Taking in the inevitable. Mortally wounded. Rolls her head to the side. Sees MARTIN’S BURNED BODY. She blinks back tears. Then, using all of her strength, she turns over to her stomach. Begins to CRAWL toward him. She leaves a bloody smear behind her as she works her arms and legs across the porch... Down the steps... Until at last... She is beside him. Chen takes a long look at his blackened face. What have they done to you? She hooks her arm under his shoulder. With the sun half-hidden by the horizon, Chen pulls him to the LENGTHENING SHADOW OF THE HOUSE. Now out of the sun, she collapses by his side. Almost out of life herself. Shaking, she raises her bloody arm to Martin’s mouth. Holds it there. A few drops of blood trickle from her to him. As she holds her wrist to his mouth, her body gives out. She collapses. Stillness for a moment... Until... CLOSE ON MARTIN’S MOUTH We see his FANGS extend of their own accord. Puncturing Chen’s wrist. And as more blood spills, Martin unconsciously SUCKLES like a newborn. Filling his mouth with blood. WE SEE His arms regain strength. They grip Chen’s wrist as he sucks. His mind still foggy. Animalistic. He sucks. Until his entire body is animated once again. Given new life through Chen. Finally, his consciousness returns, and he realizes what he is doing. He pulls his mouth away in horror. Turns to cradle Chen’s head. Chen looks back with a weak smile. With that, she dies. Martin stares at Chen for a long moment. Deep pain in his eyes. Almost too much to bear, if not for... Slowly... Painfully... MARTIN RISES. Burned, bloody-faced...angry. He looks at the sun low in the sky. His gaze then follows the LONG SHADOW OF HIS HOUSE. It now stops precisely at PEARL’S OPEN GRAVE. Instruction from above...or below. Martin’s eyes narrow. We peer down through an ORNATE, WROUGHT IRON CHANDELIER at a RAUCHOUS PARTY. Alcohol flows. Prostitutes hang off drunken bar-goers, leading them upstairs to have a go. Rowdy and joyous. Leaning on a chair, surrounded by a few beautiful ladies, is Blue Wade. The king of the castle. But he doesn’t enjoy it. The king is troubled. Edgardo playfully throws a SPRY PROSTITUTE onto the bed. SHOWERS her with cash. She glares back, lust in her eyes. He takes a swig of whiskey. He slides onto the bed as the prostitute eagerly unbuttons the shirt of the handsome outlaw. Edgardo smiles. A NERVOUS PROSTITUTE stares, confused. Viggo sits at a desk. Examining MARTIN’S BURNED HAND with fascination. The prostitute eyes the disgusting appendage warily. Viggo looks up to the prostitute as though he’d forgotten she was there. The prostitute sighs in relief. Quickly makes her exit. Viggo takes to gazing at the hand again. Enthralled. Ruby sits in a chair, catatonic. Pastor Nathan settles beside her as though a doctor. He lifts up her chin, exposing her neck. No bite marks. He lifts her lips. No fangs. He pulls back her eyelids, examining the whites. Nothing abnormal. She doesn’t reply. She says nothing. Just stares forward. He gently leans over to her. He looks at Ruby, sacrilegious attraction roiling below. He tamps it down. Pastor Nathan stands. Makes his way toward his closet. He opens it. Pulls out his FLOGGER. Still wet with his blood. He places the flogger on the desk before her. Ruby still just stares. Pastor Nathan sits back down into his chair. Leans in close. Ruby looks up at Pastor Nathan for the first time. Locks eyes with him. Then LUNGES FOR HIS EAR, TAKING A POWERFUL BITE. Just like her daddy. She TEARS LOOSE a CHUNK of EAR FLESH. Pastor Nathan SCREAMS, clutching his wound. He PUSHES Ruby to the floor and leaps up from his seat. Ruby GROWLS back at Pastor Nathan, SPITTING out his bloody skin on the floor. Pastor Nathan glares back at Ruby in shock. McDonough watches the festivities at the Playful Pussycat through his shop window. Emily sidles up next to him. McDonough is aghast. The party rages on. A JOLLY MAN has taken up at the piano, banging out party music. Dmitri Coyne and E.B. Trott are at the bar, celebrating. Edgardo struts in, refreshed, his lady friend on his arm. He makes eyes with Blue Wade, showing off his pretty lover. Blue Wade counters by kissing the woman on his left, then the woman on his right. He cocks his eye at Edgardo. Edgardo raises up his arms. You beat me. They both smile and laugh. But after Edgardo turns away, a shadow falls over Blue Wade. Viggo’s eyes are transfixed by the BURNT HAND before him. Wheels turning in his mind. He grabs the hand. Beads of sweat on his brow. Brings it to his mouth. Oh God. HE SINKS HIS TEETH into the unholy flesh. Tears off a bite. Swallows it down. A Satanic communion. Some PARTIERS drink and yell in the street. Dmitri and E.B. join them, puffing celebratory cigars. CLIP-CLOP. CLIP-CLOP. CLIP-CLOP. A few townsfolk turn toward the sound. We watch as they grow quiet. The hush spreading down Main Street. Hooves trot slowly in the earth. We move up the BLACK STEED to find NO RIDER upon its back. There’s a saddle, however...and from it, two taut lengths of rope on either side... trailing behind it to... A COFFIN. Pearl’s coffin. Dragged over the dirt. The horse stops in front of crowd of spectators. The quiet spreads through the saloon as the patrons press up against the window. Edgardo steps outside, investigating. Blue Wade is the last to notice the chill upon the party. He stands up. Peeks over shoulders through the window. A few more onlookers gather outside to gawk. Then, the unthinkable but inevitable... The coffin’s door slowly swings open. A burned, booted foot swings out. Then another. And standing up from the deathly box -- MARTIN. One-handed. Burned. Bloody. A demon from hell. He looks over the petrified onlookers with his orange eyes, fangs extended. The townsfolk are stunned. Terrified. Unmoving. Dmitri leans over to E.B. Dmitri is displeased. He looks around and sees no one else knows what to do. Considers the situation. Then straightens his jacket, puts on a smile...and approaches. Martin GNASHES INTO DMITRI’S NECK. A bloody, horrid spectacle. As the onlookers watch in horror, Martin drains Dmitri dry. ENERGIZING HIMSELF. Drops Dmitri on the ground, skin taut, white as a ghost. Martin stands before us and the crowd, for the first time in his full power. THE TOWN ERUPTS INTO CHAOS! People run in every direction, trying to escape THE BEAST. A GUNMAN draws on Martin, but the vampire is too fast. He TEARS the gunman’s arm clean off. He snatches the gun from the ground and HURLS IT full force at another drawing TOUGH GUY. The barrel goes THROUGH HIS EYE. E.B. Trott watches the carnage in horror. He sneaks along the sides of the buildings to the SHERIFF’S OFFICE Where Sheriff Hastings is handing deputy badges out like candy. He tosses E.B. a BADGE and a REVOLVER. E.B. looks at both odiously. Martin RIPS THE GUTS out of a TOWNIE. Sees EDGARDO standing in the door of the saloon. Stalks toward him. Edgardo retreats, hiding behind others in the bar. Martin is mid-stride when BANG He’s shot in the back. But unlike last time, he’s at full strength. The shot does little but anger him. He turns to face the coward who shot him and finds Sheriff Hastings, flanked by his HONORARY DEPUTIES. Martin marches toward them. They UNLOAD on the vampire. He just takes the bullets until they’re all out of ammo. This happens fast -- Martin slashes one deputy’s face down the middle, rips the other’s throat out, and finishes by biting into SHERIFF HASTING’S SKULL. CRUNCH. Martin spits out the piece of skull. Hastings feels where the missing skull is with his hand...then collapses. Martin finishes him by STOMPING on his head. E.B. witnesses all of this. Throws down his badge and gun. He realizes he’s the only person left outside. E.B. scampers for a safe haven. Tries a door to a boarded up shop. Locked. Tries another. Locked. He reaches MCDONOUGH’S GENERAL STORE. It too is locked, but E.B. spots McDonough through the window. Bangs on the glass, Entreating McDonough with his eyes. McDonough solemnly approaches. Gives E.B. a long look. Then turns the OPEN sign around to CLOSED. Martin appears behind E.B., Who turns to face him. SPLAT! BLOOD splatters on McDonough’s window. E.B.’s body slides to the floor. Martin and McDonough make eyes for a tense moment... ...the vampire moves on... PAT, the spindly goon from church, is the last to try to get inside. He’s halfway in when Martin GRABS his arm. Martin SLAMS Pat’s face into the wall of the entrance while Martin himself remains outside of it. Pat’s body is inside the saloon, but his arm is in Martin’s clutches. Pat tries to slither away, to no avail. Martin TWISTS Pat’s arm with his one remaining hand. Pat SCREAMS. The rest of the townsfolk inside the saloon watch the scene unfold with dawning understanding. Tears well in Pat’s eyes as Martin TWIST-CRACK-TWISTS. CR-CR-CRACK. The blubbering Pat can take no more. Martin drops Pat to the floor, leaving him to nurse his ruined arm. Martin pushes through the saloon doors. The SEVERAL DOZEN townsfolk stand at attention as Martin’s heavy steps come to a halt. Through the crowd is Blue Wade. He stares at Martin with new eyes. Blue Wade lifts his sack of money in the air. The townsfolk, though shaken, can’t resist. Guns are drawn. Trained on Martin. Martin’s animalistic eyes narrow. THE BARTENDER watches this from behind the bar. Can’t bring himself to join. As Martin CHARGES into the crowd -- -- we follow the bartender as he ducks down Back against bottles of whiskey, hidden from the carnage. BANG! BANG! SMASH! SCHRIP! ROAR! The sounds of horrible violence echo through his bar. The bartender stares forward, not wanting to see. A SPLATTER of blood paints the wall in front of him. He can hear Finally, an eerie stillness falls upon the saloon. The bartender can only hear his own shallow breathes. Against his better judgement, he pulls himself up. THE BARTENDER’S POV The saloon is destroyed. Tables, chairs, windows all broken. Blood covering nearly every surface. A knocked over lantern has started a SPREADING FIRE. Eviscerated bodies lie everywhere. Broken bones jutting from skin. Brains splattered. Remarkably untouched: BLUE WADE. And in the center of the carnage is Martin, COVERED IN BLOOD, heaving. CLOSE ON THE BARTENDER He swallows. Martin and the bartender lock eyes for a moment. His fight or flight finally kicks in. The bartender runs out of his saloon with all he’s got. Martin lets him run. Reaches down and picks up a bloody SIX-SHOOTER. Casts a glance toward the window. Then stares at Edgardo. He points the gun at the window and FIRES without looking, SHATTERING the GLASS. The bartender freezes as a bullet goes through the back of his head and out his forehead. He collapses, dead. Martin throws the gun aside. Bears down on Blue Wade. Blue Wade backs away slowly as Martin approaches. He motions to the bloody bodies around him. Martin narrows his eyes, not understanding. More flames engulf the bar. Blue Wade tosses Martin’s photo onto the floor. Martin pauses at his precious photo, staring at it longingly. Looks to Blue Wade, who keeps backing away. Martin SNARLS. Blue Wade pulls out his knife and spins, slicing the ROPE holding the CHANDELIER. WOMP! Martin is CRUSHED underneath the chandelier. The flames are everywhere now. Blue Wade whips out his gun...but pops open the cylinder. Slides OUT a bullet. What is he doing? Blue Wade takes his knife and digs into the tip of the bullet. He SLOPPILY PRAYS. In the face of death, he finally asks God for help. The chandelier rattles as Martin starts to stand. Blue Wade hurriedly finishes his work. He blows the bullet and we see he has carved A CROSS into the tip. The chandelier FLIPS over. Blue Wade loads the bullet. He points... ...MARTIN IS STANDING IN FRONT OF HIM. He grips Blue Wade’s wrist and BREAKS it. The bullet fires harmlessly through the burning roof. Blue Wade stares into Martin’s pitiless eyes. Sees his own death coming. Martin stares Blue Wade down. Martin RIPS Blue Wade’s throat open with a mighty CHOMP. Blood sprays. Martin feasting. But then, in his hyper sensitive ears, the CL-CLICK of a turning doorknob. THE BRASS DOORKNOB TURNS And a CLOSET DOOR flies open -- -- Edgardo JUMPS OUT AND FIRES his SHOTGUN at Martin... ...but Martin isn’t standing there anymore. Edgardo is perplexed. The closet door swings back closed... ...REVEALING MARTIN. HE PUNCHES HIS FIST THROUGH EDGARDO’S BACK AND OUT HIS CHEST. Edgardo COLLAPSES. Martin stands for a moment, watching his beloved photo MELT in the fire. Then, in Martin’s attuned ears, RUBY SCREAMS. Ruby defiantly SCREAMS and SNARLS in a corner. A gash down her back. Beside her, PASTOR NATHAN. He calmly tightens his grip on the BLOODIED FLOGGER. Steps toward Ruby. Towers over her. Pulls back his arm. Ruby SCREAMS again. Martin strides out of the FLAMING PLAYFUL PUSSYCAT. Framed in the firelight like a shadowy demon. WHOOMP! A body KNOCKS Martin down. He comes to his feet, disoriented. Standing before him...VIGGO. His eyes, ORANGE like Martin’s. His mouth, now replete with FANGS. A NEWLY TURNED VAMPIRE. The apex predator he always wanted to be. Martin looks over the creature before him. Then CHARGES. Takes a swing at Viggo -- but Viggo AVOIDS the blow and SLAPS Martin across the face. Martin stumbles, then spins back to face Viggo. He rushes again -- this time Viggo CATCHES his fist, powering Martin to his knees. Pushing desperately with all the force in his legs, Martin BARRELS into Viggo’s body and takes him CRASHING through the BEAMS of a nearby PORCH. Wood SPLINTERS around them as they trade FEROCIOUS BLOWS. Viggo kicks Martin away from him and they face off for a moment. Viggo reaches to his belt -- produces two JAGGED BLADES. He spins them in his hands excitedly. Martin takes deep, seething breaths. CHARGES. SCHWIP. SLICE. Viggo spins and tears two wounds into Martin’s side. Martin grips them, blood seeping. Martin CHARGES AGAIN. SCHWIP. SCHWIP. SLICE. This time Viggo carves three wounds into Martin’s torso. Martin staggers. Reaching even his supernatural limit for Martin tries to land a PUNCH on Viggo, but he easily gets position behind Martin, jabbing ONE BLADE into his back. He presses the other against Martin’s NECK, threatening decapitation. Viggo tightens his dual grip. Pushing the knife deeper into Martin’s back. Drawing blood from Martin’s neck. Martin CRIES OUT in anger and finds a new reserve of strength. He raises his arm with the missing hand...jagged bone protruding... And JABS the bone of his arm into Viggo’s neck! Viggo HOWLS in pain as Martin flips him across the porch. For a moment, they are both flat on their backs. Martin’s hand feels on the ground. Grips a length of SHARP WOOD as he stands. Viggo sees this. Does the same. Martin wobbles as he moves. Viggo, much steadier and cat- like. They peer at each other, now ten paces apart. Gunfight distance. Each wait for the other to make the first move. The moon is directly overhead, framing the combatants. High noon for vampires. Wait... Wait... Wait... Viggo THROWS his STAKE with inhuman force... But Martin is able to dodge it just as he throws his own stake... STRAIGHT INTO VIGGO’S HEART. Bang. He’s dead. Viggo grabs the stake in his heart, crumpling to the ground. His eyes wide in disbelief. He shakes. Skin turning to ash. He looks to Martin desperately. As a kindred spirit. Martin turns away. Viggo falls still. A gust of wind blows his remains. Pastor Nathan WHIPS Ruby again. Heaving in exertion. A smile spreading on his face. The back of Ruby’s dress now tattered and bloody. The girl whimpering. Pastor Nathan’s body pulses with righteous ecstasy. He stops for a moment, gazing at a stained-glass image of Jesus Christ above him, basking. CRUNCH. A candleholder SMASHES into Pastor Nathan’s face. He hits the floor with a THUD. Ruby stands over him. His cheekbone grotesquely dented. As Pastor Nathan unsteadily comes to his feet, Ruby runs for her life. Ruby races down the aisle of the church, Pastor Nathan right behind. He gets a hand on her shoulder and forces her to the ground, tumbling on top of her in the process. Pastor Nathan is straddling Ruby, eyes wild with sanctimonious anger. BOOOOM! The church doors are SPLINTERED open. Pastor Nathan looks up in horror. In the entrance -- Martin. Pastor Nathan can’t believe his eyes. The foul, burnt demon-creature lives. But in Ruby’s eyes, joyful tears. Her daddy is alive. Pastor Nathan shakes his head in disbelief. Martin gazes up at the MARQUEE: “All are welcome.” HE STEPS INTO THE CHURCH. Pastor Nathan skitters backwards, holding Ruby between him and Martin. Martin marches toward the unholy holy man. Then, his gait falters. He keeps walking. Stumbles into a pew. Pulls himself back up. Pastor Nathan looks at Martin’s struggle with confusion, then turns back to the HUGE CRUCIFIX on the wall, dominating the church. A thin smiles forms on his lips. Martin keeps trying to walk, but his body is betraying him. Blood pooling in his eyes. Pastor Nathan grips his flogger. Pushes past Ruby. He SLASHES Martin’s face, leaving a bloody trail. Pastor Nathan is worked into a frenzy. THWIP THWIP THWIP! Pastor Nathan tears Martin’s visage apart even further. Ruby tries to grab Pastor Nathan, but he SLAMS her into a pew, dazing her. Martin is on his knees now. The beating, the cross, the resurrection all having taken their toll on his body. He’s at the end of himself. Martin looks to Ruby, who is on the floor. They lock eyes for a brief moment. Martin grabs Pastor Nathan and FLIES STRAIGHT UP INTO THE AIR LIKE PETER PAN HIMSELF. Pastor Nathan stares at Martin’s monstrous face in horror as they SOAR. Until with all his remaining strength -- Martin IMPALES PASTOR NATHAN UPON THE TOP OF THE CROSS. Contact with the cross sends Martin careening from the air. He CRUMBLES to the floor. Pastor Nathan shudders upon the cross. Dies. Martin falls still on the ground. Ruby crawls to him. Holds him. Martin looks to her. His breath intermittent. Ruby tries to hold back the tears. Martin smiles... Martin closes his eyes. Ruby holds him, sobbing. Clayton, Erin Rose, and Pat, broken arm limp at his side, nervously step through the BLOOD and GUTS of the saloon. Pat approaches a body, kicks it over, revealing... ...the sack of blood money. Pat looks back and forth his compatriots. They start to tussle. Clayton breaks it up, motioning toward the doorway. They are turn around. RUBY. She stares down Pat. He sees a lot of Martin her. Gulps. Ruby walks alone down MAIN STREET, clutching the bag of money. She heads toward THE TRAIN STATION. A train JUST ROLLING IN. The sun breaks over the horizon, casting its rays over the town of Rock Springs. Ruby stands in the doorway, looking longingly out to Main Street. Her dress in tatters. Blood caked on her face. A gregarious CONDUCTOR (40s) strolls down the aisle. He appears behind Ruby. Taken aback by her appearance. Ruby hands her ticket over to him while keeping her eyes fixed on the dusty road. Uncertain what to do, he examines the ticket. Eyes widen. She turns to him. Pins him with her stare. Just then, a riderless BLACK HORSE comes into view. It drags MARTIN’S COFFIN behind it. The conductor is stricken by the sight. Ruby, however, looks at it with joy. Ruby looks out the window, the sun now over the horizon. The train rolls past Ruby watches the only home she’s ever known speed by. She mouths “goodbye” as they pass Pearl’s grave. We see Ruby’s room, but it is empty. We pass through stacks of leather-bound bags of every shape and size... Until we stop upon Martin’s coffin... Ruby soundly asleep on top of it. Ruby, awake, gazes out the window as the sun finally disappears over the horizon, darkening the car... And in the reflection of the glass... A figure appears... Ruby sees this... Turns... And upon seeing who it is... Smiles.