 Bob Fisher & Rob Greenberg  Based on The Valet by Francis Veber June 2, 2020 A handsome man, ANTONIO FLORES (late 40s, kind eyes, questionable mustache), cruises down Canon in a Maserati convertible. He stops at a light next to a Lamborghini whose DRIVER gives Antonio a “rich guy” nod. The light changes and Antonio zips off, pulling in front of KOBRA -- a high-end restaurant. He hops out and holds the door for the real OWNER of the car. Antonio is the VALET. Antonio hustles back to the other VALETS. BENNY (40, owner of the parking concession) grabs KEYS off the board. NOTE: Dialogue in italics will be spoken in Spanish. He tosses the keys to Antonio who hightails it down the sidewalk. As he weaves through well-dressed shoppers, Antonio runs past a SALON where several PAPARAZZI wait outside. OLIVIA ALLAN (30s, famous actress, two SAG Awards, one Golden Globe) has her hair done by the best in the biz. Olivia’s assistant, AMANDA (25, shoulda gone to law school) steps up. Olivia considers this as she checks herself in the mirror. It’s a really good hair day. Olivia emerges out the front, “shocked” to see paparazzi snapping pictures and taking video. Olivia waves as she hops into her waiting Range Rover. A BILLBOARD for Olivia’s upcoming film, “EARHART” -- Olivia stands front and center, dressed as the famous pilot, her eyes filled with determination and mischief. PAN DOWN to find Antonio, riding his bicycle home from work. CREDITS ROLL as Antonio pedals across town. Starting in Beverly Hills, things become increasingly less affluent as he makes his way East. Olivia rides a Peloton Bike in her mid-century modern in the Hollywood Hills with killer views of the city. Antonio cruises into PICO-UNION, a mostly Hispanic rides by a construction site plastered with posters for Olivia’s film, its title now in Spanish: “LA AVIADORA.” A PUBLIC SCHOOL in the shadow of downtown. Antonio waits with his bike as THEATER KIDS straggle out. MARCO (15, gangly handsome, Antonio’s son) heads over as a CUTE GIRL crosses by with her friends. Marco and Antonio start walking down the sidewalk. They walk down Alvarado in silence, then: Antonio smiles as Marco puts in EARBUDS. A sprawling SPANISH COLONIAL estate with a few Mexican GARDENERS tending to the grounds. KATHRYN ROYCE (mid-40s, confident, polished) walks down the stairs dictating into a MINI DIGITAL RECORDER. She reaches the foyer as her housekeeper, BLANCA (38, Guatemalan immigrant), crosses with a basket of laundry. Kathryn places the recorder on the clothes. As Blanca walks off, GEORGE ROYCE (mid-40s, boyishly handsome, roguishly charming), sneaks up and kisses his wife on the neck. Ten units, built in the 50s. Antonio lugs his bike upstairs. Marco follows with groceries as a Korean man, MR. KIM (75, elegant, little English), steps out of Antonio’s apartment with plumbing tools. Mr. Kim hurries off. Antonio locks his bike to the balcony and they head inside to find... ...Antonio’s Mom, CECILIA (mid-70s, full of life), in a bathrobe, fixing a snack. Marco hugs his grandmother. Antonio heads for the door. Antonio cringes as he tries to make sense of it all: She shakes her head “no.” She shakes her head “no” again. Olivia drives her RANGE ROVER down Figueroa, turning left into a PARKING STRUCTURE. The SUV drives up the ramp and parks next to the only other car, a black JAGUAR SEDAN with tinted windows. Olivia, hiding under a hoodie and sunglasses, gets out. She looks around, making sure she hasn’t been followed, then climbs into the back of the Jaguar. The Jaguar drives past a luxury hotel, turns into the alley behind it, then down a ramp into the garage... ...and parks next to the loading dock. Olivia steps out and hurries to the SERVICE ELEVATOR. She closes the metal gate and disappears into the building. Olivia knocks on the door of the PRESIDENTIAL SUITE. After a beat, GEORGE opens it. She hurries in, quickly closes the door behind her... ...and kisses him. Antonio cooks dinner with his sister CLARA (35, elementary school principal, less nurturing then you’d expect). On the couch, Marco does homework. His cousins, DANTE and LUCA (9, twins, both evil), watch videos on an old iPad. Benny (Clara’s husband, Antonio’s boss) walks in from down the hall. The boys IGNORE HER and keep watching as Cecilia enters. There’s a KNOCK on the door. Antonio opens it to find his ex, ISABEL (42, pretty even in a Gelson’s cashier smock). Antonio leads her OUTSIDE to the... ...balcony walkway, closing the door behind them -- for privacy, even though the courtyard is filled with neighbors. She takes a breath, then: Antonio strikes a “cool guy” pose, FINGER GUNS a-blazing. Marco steps out with his backpack and a small suitcase. Still reeling, Antonio watches his wife and son walk away. Olivia and George, post-sex, cuddle in bed. As she snuggles into him, George phone BUZZES on the beside table. He glances at the text. He puts the phone down and kisses her. His phone buzzes again. They try to ignore it, but: She gets up and starts putting on her clothes. He opens the bedside table and hands her a wrapped book. Reluctantly, she opens it. It’s a classic memoir. So perfect it makes her sad. She kisses him sweetly. She grabs her bag and starts out... ...CLOSING the door behind her. He jumps out of bed, stumbling as he tries to put on his pants. Several PAPARAZZI wait for celebrities at this LA hot spot. They pack up their gear. Antonio walks out with a PHARMACY BAG. Olivia waits for the elevator, ordering an Uber. George bursts out of his penthouse and runs down the empty hallway. DING! Olivia gets on the elevator. George arrives just as the doors close. Dammit! He frantically pushes the call button. Antonio rides his bike, the CVS BAG slung over the handlebar. Olivia steps out of the elevator. Hotel staff and guests BUZZ WITH EXCITEMENT as she hightails it across the lobby. The other elevator opens. George speed-walks to catch up with her, WHISPER-YELLING: Olivia rushes out, the name of the hotel illuminated above her in giant letters: ROYCE. She searches for her Uber. George keeps pace, nervously looking around. A SILVER MAZDA pulls up. The UBER DRIVER lowers the window. Antonio pedals along when something catches his eye -- A BUS BENCH AD for “Randy the Realtor,” bright white teeth, finger guns a-blazing. Antonio stares at it with disgust, until -- BAM! He plows into the back of OLIVIA’S UBER, throwing him off his bike onto the street. Olivia runs over to help Antonio. Pedestrians stop to watch. DAVE the Uber driver (32, drummer) rushes out. George shoves a WAD OF CASH in the driver’s hand. The driver checks the bumper, pockets the money, and gets back in the car. ACROSS THE WAY, one of the paparazzi steps out of a FROZEN YOGURT SHOP. He sees Olivia with George, ducks behind a tree and starts taking PHOTOS -- they have no idea. As Antonio picks up his CVS BAG, George pleads with Olivia: Antonio starts gathering his mangled bike. As Olivia hops in the Uber, she turns to George: She slams the door. Antonio takes one last look at her as they drive away. Is that Olivia Allan? A tree-lined boulevard. Not fancy but full of life -- small businesses, colorful murals, people hanging out. Antonio drags his broken bike down the block. A funky shop serving the community -- used and new bikes, on-site repairs, local Latinx music on the sound system. The owner, an attractive gear-head, NATALIE (40, good tattoos, Salvadoran-American) playfully gives Antonio shit as she puts a new wheel on his bike. She calls to LU, a female bike mechanic (20s, butch). As she grabs one, Antonio teases her: Antonio laughs. She hands him a FLYER. with Amanda in her office which overlooks a bullpen where a few young, hopeful women work at laptops.  Ultimately. I think. Olivia searches for the article on her computer... Amanda looks over Olivia’s shoulder. On the TMZ WEBSITE -- the PAPARAZZI PHOTO of George and Olivia with Antonio (his face blurred out) next to her. The headline: “George and Olivia: Secret Romance?” At the breakfast table, Kathryn shows George the TMZ PHOTO. On the ropes, he thinks quick and points to the photo: As he heads out: Amanda’s on the phone as Olivia paces, upset. Olivia heads to her bathroom. Amanda hangs up and follows. They enter. Olivia opens the medicine cabinet. She grabs it, and they head out. They walk back in. She throws the bottle against the glass. The hopeful young women look over, concerned. Olivia gives a cheery thumbs-up. A sleek downtown skyscraper, emblazoned with a familiar name: “ROYCE.” He puts it on everything. The CORNER SUITE with a view of the city. George paces, venting to his lawyer, DANIEL (45, Ivy League). Daniel considers the situation in earnest: Antonio drives a Porsche down Canon, not a care in the world. Benny, Javier and Rudy chat by the VALET STAND. Nearby, a slick BOND TRADER waits for his car, on his cell: As Antonio gets near the restaurant, the BLUETOOTH kicks in: Antonio pulls in front of the restaurant... EXT. KOBRA - CONTINUOUS ...hops out, holding the door for the Bond Trader. As the Bond Trader drives off, Antonio sees another car pull up. George’s lawyer, Daniel, steps out. Antonio gives him a ticket, and climbs in. As he adjusts the seat, Daniel gets in the passenger side. Antonio and Daniel sit in the parked car, mid-conversation. George and Daniel. A DRIVER stands, smoking, ten yards from the BLACK JAGUAR and Olivia’s RANGE ROVER. In the backseat, George makes his case to Olivia. As a mixture of unemployed actors and old people hit golf balls, Kathryn confers on a bench with a detective, STEGMAN (40s, gruff, Members Only jacket). He hands her a file. Olivia drives down Doheny. Her phone rings. She answers: Daniel and George huddle over the speaker-phone. IN THE MIRROR, Stegman keeps a respectable distance. REVEAL PEREZ (40s, enjoys food) eating string cheese as he tails Stegman. At the VALET STAND, Benny talks with Antonio. Javier and Rudy hang car keys on the board. Olivia’s Range Rover pulls up to the curb. Rudy opens the door. She steps out, a VISION OF HOTNESS. Heads turn as this sexy, famous actress strides over... ...and KISSES Antonio -- a real big-screen kiss. No one can believe it -- not the CUSTOMERS on the patio, not the WAIT STAFF, not the DETECTIVES snapping photos, not even ANTONIO, and especially not the other VALETS. Antonio and Olivia stroll back to her car. Benny follows. Antonio doesn’t know what to say. Olivia jumps in: Antonio and Olivia drive off, leaving the valets slack-jawed. With the HOLLYWOOD HILLS behind them, the Range Rover cruises past art galleries and pricey boutiques. Olivia drives. Antonio sits in the passenger seat, nervous -- not sure where to look or how to behave. Olivia pulls up to a light and grabs her phone. Olivia writes a text, not really listening. Antonio looks out the window and notices a streetlight BANNER FOR LACMA -- is that supposed to be a vagina? The light changes and they drive off. Olivia pulls over and stops. Olivia hands him a make-up wipe. Daniel shows George the photos of Olivia KISSING Antonio. The Range Rover pulls up to the Valet Stand. A handful of PAPARAZZI lay in wait -- some with cameras, some with video. Olivia puts the car in park. Antonio takes a breath, anxious. She gets out and... ...the CAMERAS start CLICKING. An IVY VALET opens the door for Antonio. He sheepishly gets out. The Paparazzi confer as they shoot: As Olivia joins Antonio, the Paparazzi shout:  PAPARAZZI #4 (CONT'D)  What happened to George Royce? Olivia takes Antonio’s hand. The Ivy valet gives Antonio a “fuck yeah” first bump as Olivia leads Antonio into the restaurant. All eyes are on Olivia and Antonio as they sit at a table with menus. She LAUGHS uproariously and touches his arm.  They always use the laughing shot. The WAITER steps up. The waiter nods, and walks off. Olivia starts answering emails as Antonio gets up. He walks towards the bathroom, a CUSTOMER mistakes Antonio for a busboy, and flags him down, holding up his empty glass. But then Antonio sees a PITCHER nearby at the bus station and, what the hell, it’ll be easier to just pour the drink. He grabs the iced tea and refills the glass. As Antonio goes to return the pitcher, a customer at another table signals for him. Resigned, Antonio fills her glass too. Olivia looks up, shocked to see Antonio continue around the table pouring everyone iced tea. She rolls her eyes -- this guy’s hopeless. She stops an actual BUSBOY. Parked across the street, Stegman takes photos of the “couple” from his Yaris. PAN to REVEAL Perez, two cars back, watching while he dials his phone on speaker. The waiter brings the food -- a burger for Antonio, a small salad for Olivia. As Antonio uses his knife to look at his mustache, the iced tea Customer walks by and does a double-take when he sees the “busboy” sitting with Olivia Allan. Antonio hops out of Olivia’s car. As she drives off, the valets rush over. Rudy shows him papparazzi photos from The Ivy. Isabel, on her laptop, pours over pictures of Antonio and Olivia. Marco gets himself a glass of milk. As Olivia and Amanda walk to the front door, a Latinx POOL MAN emerges from the back, carrying his gear. He walks off, throwing his skimmer in the back of his truck. Olivia smiles at Amanda -- it’s working. Kathryn drives, on speaker: George at his desk, also on speaker. George does a little victory dance, then: She kisses him through the phone then hangs up. Then immediately makes another call. Stegman hits a long drive, then answers his phone: Antonio waits in a DESIGNER TUX, a fresh haircut, and NO MUSTACHE. He checks himself in the window of a dirty Nissan. He has to admit he looks pretty damn sharp. He shoots himself with some FINGER GUNS, a la Randy, then instantly regrets it. A LIMO pulls up. Antonio takes it all in -- TV, champagne, snacks, treats. Delighted, Antonio helps himself to one of everything. As he savors a bite of CANDY, the limo stops at a light... ...and Natalie pedals up next to them on her bike. She wears a backpack adorned with a “Reclaim Los Angeles” sticker. Antonio lowers his window. She turns, surprised to see Antonio in the back. The light changes and the limo drives off. As the limo cruises down Pico, Antonio watches his neighborhood roll by from a new perspective. There’s LIFE EVERYWHERE -- taqueros grill carne asada on a cart, kids play soccer in a parking lot, a young Korean couple sip Slurpees on the hood of a car -- everything looks twenty percent more beautiful from the back of a luxury vehicle. They stop at the next light. Seconds later, Natalie rides up. The light changes, and the limo takes off again. In the driveway, Antonio waits by the limo eating a BAG OF CHEX MIX. Olivia steps out, a vision of glamour and elegance. She sizes him up -- he cleaned up better than she expected. He opens the door for her. Antonio sits next to Olivia who is lying down on the seat talking on the phone. She holds out her glass and he pours. Olivia puts her phone on speaker: Olivia grabs the phone back -- off speaker. She hangs up and downs an ATIVAN with the Cristal. She grabs the bottle and pours herself another. BIG PREMIERE for “Earhart” -- klieg lights, screaming fans, paparazzi, reporters, the full circus. The LIMO door opens. Olivia steps onto the RED CARPET and the place goes wild. Olivia waves to the crowd as Antonio nervously follows behind her. Photographers spring into action. Cameras CLICK! Bulbs POP! She’s all charm, flashing her megawatt smile. Antonio stands frozen next to her, disoriented, blinded by all the flashes. Olivia takes his arm, snuggling into him as they pose. “Antonio’s” come from all directions. Antonio turns left. Then right. The shouts keep coming. Antonio keeps turning, trying to please everyone. Olivia’s publicist, JENNIFER (30s, loves the game) swoops in: CLOSE ON -- AN OLD TELEVISION As Olivia and Antonio get interviewed by NANCY O’DELL. PULL BACK to REVEAL... Cecilia watches the show flanked by two young KOREAN KIDS. Mr. Kim rushes in with sandwiches. Antonio smiles and nods, trying to look natural. He does not. Antonio just keeps smiling and nodding. On the RED CARPET, Nancy O’Dell, having given up on Antonio, turns back to Olivia: As they continue talking, a reporter from Despierta America, ANA PATRICIA GAMEZ, approaches: Olivia tries to continue her interview, but is distracted by Antonio engaging with a reporter. Olivia swoops over. As she leads Antonio off, he turns to the TV camera: CHUCHO fastens a cummerbund to a mannequin as he watches TV. A packed house. Antonio, with two huge buckets of popcorn and two giant Cokes, sits down next to Olivia. As the lights dim, Olivia surreptitiously pops another Ativan, then grabs a soda to wash it down. The AFTER PARTY, elaborately decorated with a historic aviation theme -- prop planes, waitstaff with leather hats and goggles, etc... Amanda leads Olivia, with champagne, and Antonio to the VIP SECTION. As guests congratulate Olivia, Antonio looks around, astonished at how much money was spent on this event. As Amanda heads off, she passes a gorgeous ITALIAN MODEL and a hip FASHION DESIGNER, who check out Antonio. The model looks again at Antonio, her interest piqued. ANGLE ON: OLIVIA AND ANTONIO. ACROSS THE ROOM -- GEORGE and KATHRYN chat with the a STYLISH WOMAN in her 70s with big glasses.  look depressed to you? As the Stylish Woman escorts George and Kathryn towards them: Antonio takes her hand -- his support helps calm her down.  her husband, George. This is Olivia  Allan, and the famous Antonio. Smiles all around -- hiding what’s really going on. AT THE BUFFET Amanda sees -- George and Kathryn with Olivia. Uh-oh. She hurries over. George tries to lead Kathryn off. Amanda swoops in. Amanda rushes Olivia and Antonio off. Stegman sits in his car, staking-out the main entrance as limo drivers, paparazzi, and autograph hounds, mill about. A KNOCK. He looks up, sees Perez, and rolls down the window. Perez hands him a take-out bag. Stegman opens the bag. As Stegman reaches for the napkins, Perez surreptitiously plants an AUDIO BUGGING DEVICE under the seat. Unaware, Stegman sits back and takes a bite. Olivia, rummaging through her purse, talks to Amanda. As she pops a pill, George pokes his head in. George slips in -- locking the door behind him. He goes to kiss her, but she pushes him away. As she storms out, he calls after her: Amanda and George, alone in the Ladies Room, awkwardly look at each other. Antonio stands near the kitchen. As servers pass by with appetizers, he takes one from every tray, politely saying “thank you” as he neatly places them on his plate. A party guest, thinking Antonio’s a waiter, walks by and takes a mini mushroom tart off his plate. Then Antonio sees -- Olivia, across the room, grab a bottle of champagne off the bar. Yikes. He starts after her but Kathryn stops him. Antonio takes a breath -- that’s a lot of dough. Antonio, surprised by his own eloquence, walks off. Kathryn watches him go -- is it possible they really are a couple? In a QUIET STAIRWELL, Olivia, intoxicated, rests her head on the empty champagne bottle. Antonio rushes in. She stands -- but she’s too woozy, and STUMBLES back down. Olivia leans on Antonio, as they make their way through the maze of activity passing DISHWASHERS, COOKS, and BUSBOYS. The kitchen staff applaud. Antonio helps Olivia out the back door. A tricked-out PICK-UP TRUCK screeches to a stop -- Javier and Rudy in the front cab. Noticing his suit: Rudy hops out, and together they maneuver Olivia into... ...the back. As Antonio climbs in next to Olivia, she slowly topples over onto the seat, passed-out. A LINEN TRUCK pulls into the alleyway. Antonio gently tries to rouse Olivia. But then she falls back asleep. Paparazzi and fans wait for celebrities. The PICK-UP TRUCK drives by, unnoticed -- with seemingly only Rudy in the car. Rudy looks in his rearview mirror. Antonio and Javier pop their heads back up. The truck idles in the DRIVE THRU LINE. Rudy orders, yelling into the speaker. Olivia wakes up. They all react, startled. But -- she passes out again. Rudy shrugs and orders: Rudy drives up, then turns to the guys. Each valet pulls out a ROLL OF TIP MONEY and peels off nine singles. Carrying a groggy Olivia, Antonio shuts the truck door. Antonio starts up the stairs as they drive away. Cecilia, on the couch, watches a movie DUBBED IN SPANISH. The door opens and Antonio, with Olivia in his arms, enters. As he carries her across the living room: Antonio and Olivia disappear down the hall. Antonio carries Olivia to the bed. As soon as he puts her down, she starts UNZIPPING her dress. He ZIPS her back up, but then she yanks the dress off over her head... ...REVEALING an elaborate NUDE BODYSUIT with lots of body tape and other tricks of the trade, holding all the various parts in place. There’s nothing sexy about it. She plops onto the bed and instantly FALLS ASLEEP. Antonio gently places the comforter over her. Antonio quietly steps out of his room. Antonio joins her on the couch as she mutes the TV. She UNMUTES THE TV. As Antonio sits back to watch with his mom, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small box: Sunlight pours through the curtains on a hungover Olivia in bed. Her eyes slowly open. She looks around. Where am I? She sees Antonio asleep on a beat-up old barcalounger. As quietly as possible, she sits up, grabs her phone from her purse and starts scrolling through texts. As Olivia TEXTS her assistant: She stands and the full force of her HANGOVER hits her. Antonio and Olivia, back in her dress, step out of the bedroom to find -- Fifteen STARSTRUCK MEXICANS, MR. KIM and a five or six of his Korean relatives -- all smiling at them. They prepared an elaborate FEAST -- chilaquiles, chorizo and eggs, pan dulce, as well as kimchi and bibimbap. Cecilia brings coffee as Benny holds up some sweet breads. He does, and hands it to her. Outraged, they jump all over Antonio: Dante and Luca show a photo on their iPad to a couple Korean kids, WHISPERING: Once again, they ignore her. Clara turns back to Olivia: A KNOCK. Antonio opens the door to find Isabel and Marco. As Marco rushes in, Isabel sees Olivia. She tries to hide it, but she’s flustered. Isabel leaves. Antonio, upset, heads to his bedroom. Antonio enters and sits on the bed, putting his head in his hands. Olivia gently knocks. Antonio’s phone buzzes with a TEXT. Olivia smiles -- “I told you so.” Antonio and Isabel talk on the balcony. She turns and rushes off. Antonio SMILES to himself -- maybe Olivia was right, then... ...steps back inside to find Marco chatting with Olivia who’s enjoying a second concha, dipping it in her coffee. Marco dashes out as Olivia’s phone BUZZES. Antonio and Olivia, holding a tinfoil CARE PACKAGE, head down the stairs. Family and friends huddle in the doorway, waving and taking pictures. They reach the SIDEWALK. Amanda pulls up to the curb. Olivia gives Antonio a warm hug. Stegman, parked down the street, on the phone: Kathryn talks on her cell. Behind her, three other westside ladies warm up for Pickleball. Blanca arrives with a tray of iced tea and a bowl of cherries. Kathryn hands her the MINI-RECORDER and whispers: Kathryn smiles -- relieved her marriage is intact. INT. PEREZ’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Perez munches on a burrito while he LISTENS to the AUDIO BUG. George hits the button. Daniel slips in before the door closes. As they go up: The doors open... They walk and talk, passing a JANITOR emptying trash cans. They head in. Daniel’s phone RINGS. He looks at the caller ID. George grabs the phone. The VALETS hang out between runs. Javier notices the stunning ITALIAN MODEL from the premiere leaving with some friends. As they sneak a look, the Model strolls over to Antonio, slips him her card, and whispers in his ear: She gives him a kiss on the cheek and walks off, leaving the valets’ minds blown once again. Benny turns to Antonio: Stegman shanks a drive. He turns to see Perez. Olivia, excited, sits at her computer, on the phone. CLOSE ON -- Amanda on the phone. REVEAL Amanda’s with her family at Benihana’s as the CHEF lights the FLAMING VOLCANO. They all clap and cheer. She dances around the room, dialing her phone as she sings: Jennifer, the publicist, on her phone, waits to take off. She hangs up. She dances, a little less enthusiastically this time, and scrolls through her phone again, singing: George and Kathryn host a small cocktail party. George holds court with the other rich and powerful: George’s phone RINGS. He checks the caller ID -- “DENTIST.” He steps outside... ...to a quiet corner to answer: Olivia on the phone. He notices Blanca hovering nearby. He quickly cups the phone: He hangs up. Olivia sighs, disappointed: She’s ALL ALONE in her beautiful, lit-up, glass box. Only the sound of crickets, and oddly, Golf Talk on Sirius radio. PULL BACK to REVEAL Stegman watching from his parked car. Olivia, feeling sorry for herself, grabs wine from the fridge. She closes the door, but stops when she sees -- The Pan Dulce CARE PACKAGE from Antonio’s family. She smiles to herself, wistful. In the THEATER/GYM, a mix of mostly Latinx and Korean high- school kids gamely put on “A Midsummer Night’s Dream.” IN THE AUDIENCE, Antonio watches with Clara, Benny, Cecilia, and Mr. Kim. Antonio smiles -- proud of his boy. He turns to share the moment with Isabel across the aisle, but-- RANDY THE REALTOR (45, strong chin, lotta linen), sitting next to her, notices Antonio and gives him his SIGNATURE FINGER GUNS, killing his mood. FROM A SIDE DOOR, Olivia slips in, dressed casually with her hair pulled back. Clara excitedly waves her over, scooting everyone down to make room. As Olivia sits next to Antonio: Isabel, distracted by Olivia, barely watches the play. IN A BACK ROW, Stegman squeezes down the aisle and sits next to Perez, who offers him a Starburst and whispers: The CAST PARTY. A charming PATIO with twinkling lights. A DJ plays music for a multi-generational crowd. Marco pumps Olivia for feedback as his family looks on. As Marco grabs a pen and writes an inscription: Antonio watches Marco walk over to Isabel where Randy balances a spoon on his nose to the delight of everyone at the table. As Antonio’s heart sinks, Clara turns to Olivia. Cecilia laughs. She stops for a moment to really look at him. They all take this in, then: Mr. Kim whispers in Korean to his 25 year-old GRANDDAUGHTER. Mr. Kim whispers some more. Antonio turns to his mother: As Clara stifles a laugh, BLANCA approaches: Olivia stands and puts her arm around Blanca who waves her entire family over. Four generations of Guatemalans gather for a group shot as Antonio snaps photos. The DJ cues a rockin’ old-school MEXICAN CUMBIA. Cecilia starts to drag Mr. Kim on to the dance floor. As Benny and Clara join them, Benny offers his hand to Olivia. As they all head off, Blanca whispers to Antonio: She WINKS at Antonio. ON THE DANCE FLOOR, Olivia gets down with Benny, Clara, Cecilia, Mr. Kim as well as Marco and Sofia. AT THE BAR, Natalie pays for a round as Antonio steps up with the empty pitcher. She downs a shot. She kisses him on the cheek and heads off. ACROSS THE BAR, Benny, having witnessed this, bows to the master. The green Yaris idles in the loading zone across the street. Perez and Stegman eat pizza, keeping an eye on the party. Antonio steps out of the restroom. Isabel appears out of nowhere and pins him against the wall. She KISSES him. She gives him one last kiss and runs off. Antonio, smiling big, returns to the party. Marco approaches. Marco rushes off, Antonio sits at the table next to Benny. On the DANCE FLOOR Cecilia slow dances with Mr. Kim, in love. Antonio watches, touched by how happy his mom seems. Clara overhears as she walks by: Before he can respond, Olivia walks up. Stegman hits Perez. THEIR POV -- Olivia and Antonio step out of the restaurant. As Antonio unlocks his bike, Olivia spots Perez getting out of the green Yaris and hurrying to his car. She sits behind him and holds on tightly as Antonio pedals down Alvarado. The two detectives follow in their cars at a safe distance -- a hot pursuit at eight miles an hour. She does, and Antonio makes a right between two buildings. The detectives pull up to the spot -- no way their cars can fit through the tight passageway. Both on speaker: But before they can drive off -- Antonio and Olivia cruise by, smiling. Perez and Stegman follow. Antonio takes a left into an ALLEY. So do the detectives -- only to find a DEAD END. Antonio and Olivia slip though a pedestrian walkway. INT. STEGMAN’S CAR / INT. PEREZ’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Perez pulls out onto the boulevard, Stegman right behind. THRU THE WINDSHIELD, Antonio and Olivia pedal down the middle of the street towards them. As they ride by: Antonio turns off the street, steers down a small grass embankment and they disappear into the night, laughing. Antonio buys paletas (popsicles) from a CART VENDOR and hands one to Olivia. As they walk: They find an empty bench on a hill. They watch the park life -- soccer, parties, children, parents, grandparents -- a Latinx BAND plays a free concert. He laughs. She laughs, then notices: ACROSS THE FIELD, Marco and Sofia kiss by the fountain. Antonio, pushing his bike, walks Olivia to her car -- even late at night, the street’s alive. They get to Olivia’s Range Rover. Olivia beeps her car open, then: He gets on his bike. She hops on the back and they cruise down the hill. Cecilia holds a cigarette out the window. Hearing the key in the door, she puts it out, trying to usher the SMOKE outside. Antonio and Olivia enter. Cecilia heads to her bedroom: He closes the curtains, then starts towards his room. Perez and Stegman have set up SURVEILANCE EQUIPMENT -- along with lawn chairs, a cooler, and a hibachi -- across from Antonio’s apartment. He grabs his camera and starts filming. STEGMAN’S POV -- Olivia and Antonio burst into the bedroom, “kissing” and tossing off clothing. Olivia, down to her bra and underwear, pushes Antonio, in boxers, onto the bed. Antonio on his back, watches transfixed -- with fear and astonishment -- as Olivia climbs on top and “straddles” him. PEREZ and STEGMAN’S POV -- in the OPEN WINDOW across the way, all they see is Olivia from the waist up, having what appears to be hot, sweaty sex with Antonio (who can’t be seen). As Olivia continues to writhe in “ecstasy:” Antonio shimmies out from under her and rolls off the bed, making sure to keep his body very low. As he army-crawls towards door, Olivia ups the ante, and calls out “passionately” for the detectives’ benefit: Perez and Stegman watch Olivia bounce up and down. A TEENAGED BOY wearing a headset plays Fortnite on-line. He looks up and sees the half-naked Olivia. He drops his joystick and crosses to the window for a better view. With Olivia nearing “orgasm” in the other room, Antonio fixes himself a bowl of cereal. Cecilia walks in to get some water. Olivia, now in Antonio’s pajamas, lies in bed. Antonio tries to get comfortable on the Barcalounger. Olivia laughs to herself, but then... starts CRYING softly. Antonio sits on the bed next to her. She snuggles into him. She smiles. Antonio starts to get up, but-- He slides under the covers.  name. It’s Betsy Shevchuk. She cuddles into him. Antonio’s EYES GO WIDE. He rolls over. As the sun rises over the neighborhood, Perez bounds up the steps of the STAKEOUT APARTMENT BUILDING with a TO-GO BAG. Stegman reclines in a lawn chair. Perez bursts in. Olivia sleeps peacefully. Antonio, sleeps next to her, a safe distance away. He wakes when he gets a TEXT from Isabel: “U up? Need to see you.” He texts back: “How about now?” Excited, he quickly starts to put on his clothes. He grabs his shoes and rushes out. Antonio, all smiles, pedals down Union, as shop owners open up for the day. Antonio and Isabel drink coffee. He falls back in his chair, devastated. George admires an intricate MODEL of the Pico-Union project with Daniel and the ARCHITECTS. Daniel’s phone BUZZES. Daniel looks at the text -- it’s a video from Olivia and Antonio’s fake sex show. He GRABS THE PHONE and HITS PLAY and watches. Daniel braces for an outburst, but George remains oddly calm: He hands the phone back, then turns back to the model: The architects look on nervously, as George gently moves the tiny, 3D Eucalyptus a quarter inch. He steps back: But then -- he starts PUMMELLING the model with his fists. A miserable Antonio bikes up to his apartment where several papparazzi wait out front. As they snap photos: He hops off his bike. As he hoists it on his shoulder, he sees Mr. Kim and a tenant carrying a heavy table upstairs. Frustrated, Antonio quickly locks his bike on the side of the building. CLOSE ON -- A MOVIE ON TV. Olivia and a handsome actor stroll along the beach, their DIALOGUE DUBBED. REVEAL Cecilia and Olivia watching on the couch, like it’s the most normal thing in the world. The door opens, and Antonio storms in. He crosses into his room... ...and changes into his valet uniform. Olivia follows. Antonio, followed by Olivia, crosses out. He opens the fridge and throws together a lunch. He loads up his lunchbox, including a few condiment packets from Arby’s: He storms outside... Antonio heads downstairs, Olivia close on his heels. When they reach the sidewalk, the paparazzi snap pictures. Antonio yells to the paparazzi: Disappointed, she heads down the street to her car. The paparazzi have a choice -- Olivia or Antonio? Without hesitation, they follow Olivia... ...leaving Antonio ALONE on the sidewalk. He watches them disappear down the block, then turns to get his bike -- only to discover it’s been STOLEN. All that remains is the FRONT WHEEL locked to the fence. A Jaguar SCREECHES to the curb. George stumbles out of the back, disheveled and drunk, and marches over to Antonio. George PUNCHES him. As Antonio stumbles into the fence, George grimaces in pain, grabbing his hand. In the back of the car, Daniel watches his boss with disdain. George climbs in and they drive off. Forlorn, Antonio sits on the bench, with a SWOLLEN EYE, holding the bike wheel. He looks over to see an ad for Randy the Realtor, firing his trademark finger guns. Antonio fires back with both middle fingers. Antonio walks down the aisle, searching for a seat among the other “invisibles.” CLOSE ON -- Antonio staring out the BUS WINDOW, a beaten man. PULL BACK to REVEAL a poster for Olivia’s movie on the side of the bus right underneath him. Antonio brings Javier and Benny up to speed. He makes a “handjob” motion and whistles. A MERCEDES pulls to the curb. Daniel lowers the window: Javier looks at Daniel. Then at Antonio. Then back at Daniel. Then... Javier SPRINTS away. Parked in a quiet corner, Daniel talks to Antonio. He hands a CHECK to Antonio who unfolds it. As Perez packs up his gear, Stegman looks out the window: ACROSS THE WAY, Cecilia laughs as he flips the omlette with a flourish. As they seal the deal with a bro-hug, Stegman notices: ACROSS THE WAY, Cecilia, clutching her chest, stumbles to the ground. Light streams through the STAINED GLASS WINDOWS of this ornate ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH as the organist plays Ave Maria. The pallbearers -- Antonio, Marco, Benny, Javier, Rudy, and Mr. Kim -- carry Cecilia’s casket to the altar. Kathryn sits on the VERANDA, looking at international real estate listings. She calls into the master bedroom: She reaches into a bowl of cherries and pops one into her mouth. Instantly, she grimaces, clutching her jaw. Kathryn waits at the table as George saunters in. She holds it up. George turns ashen, then: Blanca hides in the doorway, holding the MINI-RECORDER, taping the conversation. In the first three rows, Antonio’s family sits on one side, including Isabel; on the other, Mr. Kim’s family. There are also many people from the neighborhood. The PRIEST finishes his prayer and nods to -- Antonio, sitting in the front row next to Clara, who gives him a tearful hug. Antonio makes his way to the pulpit. He looks out at the crowd. Takes a deep breath. Mr. Kim’s granddaughter TRANSLATES, whispering in his ear. Mr. Kim looks up. He didn’t expect this. Antonio pulls out his notes. IN THE PEWS, Clara lovingly puts her head on Benny’s shoulder. Next to her, Dante and Luca watch funny videos on their iPad, hidden in a prayer book. People laugh, including Isabel, who smiles warmly. Antonio stops, starting to choke up. This is getting really hard for him. He wipes tears from his face. Takes a deep breath and gathers the strength to continue. Benny laughs. Antonio turns to Mr. Kim. Mr. Kim nods his appreciation, fighting back tears. He looks around the church. At Clara. At Isabel. At Marco, who taps his heart -- “I’m so proud of you, Dad.” Antonio smiles -- maybe he’s talking about himself a little too. Standing by the grave, family members take turns tossing handfuls of dirt onto Cecilia’s casket. Antonio lets the earth fall through his fingers. Finally, Mr. Kim drops a single red rose. He turns to leave, then, overcome with grief, tries to CLIMB INTO THE HOLE. Benny and Antonio restrain him. At the RECEPTION, family and friends mingle. Antonio passes by Clara: Antonio sees Isabel by the buffet and walks over. Antonio stands with Isabel. Antonio’s speechless as he takes in this information. Beat, then: She nods, taking this in. This strikes a cord with her. Isabel smiles. Antonio pulls a CHECK out of his pocket and hands it to her. She kisses him on the cheek, then walks off. He watches, half hoping she’ll turn around and fight for him. But she doesn’t. After a moment, he heads back in... ...lingering near the door, not ready to join the party. But then there’s a KNOCK. Antonio lights up -- maybe it’s Isabel after all. He opens the door... But it’s BLANCA, holding the mini-recorder. Antonio, with the MINI-RECORDER, talks to his co-workers: Benny shows off his best moves. A FERRARI pulls up. A GAY COUPLE steps out, the driver tossing his blazer into the back seat. The Ferrari pulls up to the kiosk. Antonio in the driver’s seat, now wearing the blazer, rolls down his window: The GUARD opens the gate and waves him through. Antonio drives by the VALET STAND... ...and expertly backs the car into a tight spot. The Valets watch, impressed. As Antonio hops out, his phone buzzes. He checks the text -- “On salads. U got an hour.” As the crew sets up for the next scene, Olivia, dressed as a waitress, sits in a booth, going over lines. She glances out the window to see -- Antonio, across the street. He waves sheepishly. Olivia, feeling a lot of different emotions, holds up a finger, indicating she’ll be right out. As if on cue, the crew picks up the DINER FACADE and carries it off -- leaving a clear path. Olivia walks over. Antonio hands Olivia the MINI-RECORDER. Rudy runs out of the restaurant to Benny. EXT. PARAMOUNT PICTURES, BACK LOT - LATER Olivia walks Antonio out of her trailer. Olivia’s phone RINGS. She looks at it. She hits DECLINE. They smile at each other with genuine affection. But then -- Antonio’s phone buzzes. He checks the text. The Gay Couple walks out of the restaurant. AT THE VALET STAND, Benny turns to Javier: The DRIVER hands his ticket to Benny. Just then -- the Ferrari drives up. Antonio hops out and hold the doors open. The full moon lights the palm trees. PAN ACROSS the empty room to find Antonio sitting on his couch next to Mr. Kim. They watch an action movie together -- something they both can understand. They miss Cecilia, but it feels good to have company. Antonio reaches into his pocket: Olivia sits in her living room, reading a script. Her phone rings. She steels herself, then answers. Olivia’s RANGE ROVER pulls up next to the black JAGUAR. Olivia, wearing her hoodie and sunglasses, gets out, looks around, then climbs into the back of the town car. George opens the door to Olivia, who quickly steps in. Perez, Stegman, and... Kathryn sit in the cramp car listening to the whole thing on an audio device. Kathryn dials her phone. George’s phone rings. George looks out the window to the street. Kathryn waves from the backseat of Perez’s car. Olivia opens the door. Antonio steps in, handing George legal documents. Olivia’s so appalled, she doesn’t know what to say, until: Antonio smiles proudly. Antonio and Olivia leave. Kathryn, Antonio and Olivia stand by Perez’s car. Olivia smiles. Perez steps over. Members of the community crowd the final PLANNING COMMISSION HEARING on the PICO-UNION DEVELOPMENT. Tensions are high. AT A LECTERN, Natalie addresses local government officials. ON STAGE an aide hands COUNCILMAN GARCIA a note. The crowd CHEERS. Natalie hugs the Mechanic. Two FEDERAL AGENTS escort a handcuffed George out of the building. Several paparazzi converge, snapping photos. A working class neighborhood. Olivia drives up to a small tract house in the middle of the block. She parks and makes the long walk to the front door. Olivia KNOCKS and takes a couple deep breathes as she waits. A TOUGH BROAD in her 70s finally opens the door. Olivia speaks to her in Ukrainian. Antonio walks in carrying all that remains of his stolen bike -- the FRONT TIRE -- and approaches Natalie at the counter. She points to the rest of his bike leaning against the wall. Antonio laughs. Antonio heads out... ...and starts down the block, but stops. Antonio and Olivia eat sandwiches in a booth. Olivia howls with excitement. She grabs a pickle off his plate. PULL BACK thru the window, to outside on the busy street... ...looking in at two friends... ...eating lunch together.