Based on a true story. YOUNG WILMA RUDOLPH (aka “Skeeter”), 7, and her older sister YOUNG CHARLENE, 12, playfully collect laundry hanging on a line. In the background is the Rudolph family home... large, but slightly dilapidated wooden house/farm in the midst of the swath of green land. Charlene waves her off and continues gathering clothes. A shirt that Wilma’s collecting skims the ground.  clothes up off the ground! Mama’ll As Wilma gathers the clothes in her arms, Charlene gets a mischievous glint in her eyes. Charlene takes off running with a basket full of laundry. Wilma chases after her, laughing the whole way. Despite her small size, she’s amazingly quick. Suddenly, Wilma STUMBLES and falls directly into a muddy pile. The clean laundry’s filthy. Charlene sprints back. She tries to help Wilma up, but her legs are rubbery. Wilma looks to her big sister, then down to her immobile legs. Her little brow furrows with worry. A rust-caked OLDSMOBILE speeds erratically along a country road dotted with LIVESTOCK and BLACK SHARECROPPERS working the fields. BLANCHE RUDOLPH, late 30s, grasps the wheel tightly as she drives. Charlene sways with each jerky turn of the car. Wilma lays stiff-as-a-board across her lap. The Oldsmobile SCREECHES to a halt in front of the hospital. Wilma’s not so convinced. Blanche isn’t really either, so Charlene takes a stab. Wilma raises her eyebrows in disbelief. Blanche takes Wilma’s chin in her hand, Wilma’s eyes towards hers. Charlene curls Wilma’s hand into a FIGHTING FIST. She wraps her own hand around it. Sisters in this fight together. WILMA’S MIND’S EYE: A SERIES of STYLIZED SHOTS, the SOUND FADING IN AND OUT. - Wilma’s on a cold metal table. A BLACK DOCTOR and NURSE fit METAL BRACES on her legs. She winces in pain. -SLAM! The heavy lid of the IRON LUNG MACHINE is shut down on Wilma’s small body. She finds herself in DARKNESS. -SNAP! The BLACK DOCTOR fastens the rigid BRACES below Young Wilma’s knobby knees. She forces a clumsy step. - Charlene and Blanche look through a window as a NURSE exercises Wilma’s legs in a shallow pool. Wilma sits in a makeshift wagon while Charlene massages her legs. Blanche oversees the FAMILY construction of a homemade polio contraption. Wilma grits through a tiresome, clunky walk along the PARALLEL BARS. She glances up seeing a group of KIDS at the end of the road staring with confusion. Wilma stops and Blanche sees the gossiping Kids. She redirects Wilma’s attention to focus on the task at hand. Charlene matches Wilma step-for-step, while the whole FAMILY cheers her on at the end of the bars... an official finish line. Wilma toys with her cumbersome brace as she stares out at her Brothers and Sisters playing basketball on the homemade dirt court. Her eyes hone in on their youthful and agile legs scurrying on the court. Wilma’s Family walks toward their house in the distance. Charlene and Wilma remain in the distance at the parallel bars. Blanche yells out from the PORCH.  BLANCHE  Wilma! Charlene! Supper time! Wilma stares at the BRACES on her legs. Mind racing.  Take ‘em off, Charlene. Hesitant, Charlene unstraps the BRACES. They hit the ground with a heavy THUD. Wilma, unsteady, wills her legs to move. Her face is full of pure grit and determination. She stumbles, Charlene moves to steady her. Trying again, Wilma takes a few wobbly steps before falling on her face. This time, she holds up her hand to stop Charlene. She pulls herself back to her feet, takes a shaky step, and then another, and then another. Charlene breaks into a proud and awe-filled grin. ANGLE ON: The BRACES, sitting like discarded shells in the dirt, as Wilma’s LEGS gain strength and speed in the background. CLOSE ON: The BRACES sit dusty on a closet shelf, as we pull back to reveal WILMA, 18, pretty but serious with eyes mature beyond her years. Overwhelmed, she balances her daughter, YOLANDA, 1, on her hips while tossing items in a suitcase. Wilma’s FAMILY OF 21 KIDS bustle about, helping her pack. ED RUDOLPH, 50s, dressed in a PORTER’S UNIFORM, breezes by. CHARLENE, 23, a no frills woman, hands Wilma a PHOTOGRAPH. INSERT PICTURE: Wilma doting a newborn Yolanda with kisses. Wilma smiles and makes funny faces at Yolanda who manages a little smile in return. Guilt wafts over her face. Charlene doesn’t miss this. Yolanda starts to whimper. Wilma sniffs her diaper. She puts her on the bed and starts to change her.  feel right, Charlene. As Charlene crosses the room to trash the dirty diaper, Wilma glances back at the BRACES in the closet. She goes still. They chuckle as Charlene gives her a hug. She gives Wilma a long look. Wilma carefully puts the PHOTOGRAPH of her and Yolanda in her suitcase. Charlene grabs some bags and follows Wilma through the hustle and bustle of the house. ROBERT ELDRIDGE, 18, a handsome, sweet-natured country boy gets out of a battered farm PICKUP TRUCK. Wilma’s YOUNGER SIBLINGS flock to him. He happily gives them attention. He gives a courtesy nod to Ed and Blanche Rudolph. Robert skirts through the playful Kids, eyes only on Wilma. She laughs as Robert finally makes his way in front of Wilma, heavily smitten. He tickles Yolanda in Wilma’s arms. He gives her a tender kiss on the cheek. Yolanda squeals as Robert continues to tickle her. Blanche purses her lips, standing by her statement. Avoiding this conversation, Robert grabs Wilma’s suitcases and loads them into the truck. Ed Rudolph hands Wilma an ENVELOPE. Wilma looks inside to find a small STACK OF CASH. Wilma hugs her Family. She holds Yolanda tightly in her arms. She fights letting the tears in her eyes fall, but she can’t stop the outpouring. Robert and Charlene look to one another, each sympathetically watching this goodbye. Wilma hands Yolanda off to Charlene before climbing in Robert’s truck. Her Family waves goodbye as Robert’s truck pulls away, leaving her world behind. He flips on the radio. The Drifter’s “There Goes My Baby” comes on. This is the quintessential Southern Black Church. COACH ED TEMPLE, 38, opens the station wagon trunk revealing several BOOKS in BOXES. Ed’s stoic both in stature and attitude until... he looks into the rearview mirror meeting eyes with C.B. TEMPLE, 36, who playfully winks at him while putting on lipstick. She’s the honey to Ed’s vinegar.  direct representation of her man. C.B. looks in the side mirror and adjusts her hat. Perfect. Ed chuckles and grabs one of the boxes from the back of the trunk. She gets out and he takes in her beauty. C.B. gives him a kiss. In the background, a FRUMPY WOMAN overloaded with bags struggles with the church door. As C.B. climbs the stairs to help the Frumpy Woman, a HEFTY MAN with wrinkled clothes, hustles to get the door for C.B. She turns back to Ed with an “I told you so” smirk. He smiles to himself as he hauls the box inside. Robert’s truck makes its way through downtown. Well-dressed MEN and WOMEN make their way in-and-out of stores. Wilma takes it all in. WILMA’S POV: A perfectly made-up BLACK MOTHER and DAUGHTER stand beneath a department store sign that reads COLORED ENTRANCE. It’s the city, but it’s still the Jim Crow South. Wilma anxiously taps her foot. Robert sees she’s nervous and sweetly reaches over and takes her hand as the truck pulls past a sign that reads: TENNESSEE STATE UNIVERSITY. CLOSE ON: A pair of large, masculine BLACK HANDS pours chalk into a CHALK LINER MACHINE. CLOSE ON: An imperceptibly CROOKED CHALKLINE is rubbed out by a MAN’S FOOT, then replaced. A perfectionist. CLOSE ON: A WHISTLE, CLIPBOARD, STOPWATCH, NOTEPAD full of notes, and a SCALE are unpacked from a crate. CAMERA TILTS UP to reveal Ed appraising his immaculate contributions to an otherwise unkempt track. This is the place where Ed is ALL vinegar. He grimaces as he eyes the partially completed track: it’s missing the last two turns leaves it in the shape of a U. As Robert’s pickup truck drives past, Ed locks eyes with Wilma in the front seat. Wilma offers a shy wave. Ed sternly acknowledges her with a tight nod. Ed’s attention drifts across the yard... MARVIN JOHNSON, 38, the men’s football and track coach, oversees a THREE-MAN GROUNDS CREW carefully attending to Men’s Field. Ed, with zero help, goes back to pushing his chalk liner. Robert’s truck winds through campus. Smartly put together BLACK STUDENTS walk along the paved paths. Some STUDENTS converse on the grass. Other Kids electrify with laughter at tables in the QUAD. A few GUYS toss a football back and forth. Handsome brick buildings surround a well-manicured courtyard. Wilma and Robert park next to a Lincoln sedan. A cute, well-coiffed and full-figured student, BARBARA JONES, 18, is surrounded by a dozen leather suitcases. Her HEN- PECKING MOTHER, late 40s, and DOTING FATHER, late 40s, buzz around her. As Barbara starts to pick up a heavy box... He scans the yard and notices a group of MALE COLLEGE STUDENTS. Among them is the suave and preppy kid, WENDELL, 19, causally leaning against a car checking out the Freshmen.  of bucks? He takes a billfold from his pocket and the Boys hurry over to pick up the mountain of luggage. Barbara catches Wendell’s attention. He shoots a flirty grin. She happily reciprocates. AT ROBERT’S PICKUP TRUCK Wilma has been watching all of this. Robert playfully flexes a bit. With a wink, he takes Wilma’s suitcase from her. Suddenly, a BLARE of R&B music approaches. A shiny black CADILLAC pulls up beside Wilma. A leggy, red- headed vixen climbs out. This is BILLIE WHITE, 21, grown as she wanna be and a tad intimidating. The OLDER-LOOKING MAN in the Cadillac pulls off. All heads turn as Billie struts past the Freshmen. Wilma gets a kick out of that. She turns to Robert. Lugging a suitcase, Robert walks in the room to see Wilma tentatively unpacking a bag. Wilma can’t help but to peek over at Barbara and her family across the room. Barbara's Father organizes the desk while Barbara’s Mother places an ornate bedspread on the bed. Barbara’s not doing a thing... other than checking her makeup in the mirror. Robert and Wilma exchange a glance: This girl is spoiled. Wilma’s bag accidentally falls to the floor sending the PHOTOGRAPH of her and Yolanda across the floor. Barbara finally moves from her throne and beats Wilma to the picture. Polite, Wilma swiftly takes the photo from Barbara. Wilma jumps in to change the subject. A bookish, intelligent looking upperclassman, ELEANOR WILLIAMS, 22, calls from the doorway. She checks names off her clipboard. Barbara’s Parents give each other a side-eye over the nickname. Eleanor merely continues her checklist. Eleanor finally looks up from her clipboard. Eleanor gives Barbara and her Family a solid once over. Eleanor walks away. Wilma turns to Barbara who resumes primping in the mirror.  looking at the fastest young lady Barbara gives Wilma a brazen smirk. Competition is on. Wilma, in a long baggy T-shirt and frumpy shorts, jogs slowly. Next to her is Barbara in a polished, form-fitting track uniform with CHICAGO scrawled across the chest. They run through campus, passing STUDENTS on the TENNIS COURTS and DRUM MAJORS practicing their signature moves. Wilma and Barbara, competitors at the core, glance at each other then start jogging faster and faster until finally they are full-on RACING each other. They arrive at the track breathless just as... Ed BLOWS his WHISTLE. A DOZEN ATHLETES surround him, including Billie and Eleanor. Ed takes in Barbara’s uniform, non-approving. Barbara subconsciously fidgets with her uniform. Wilma shuffles nervously. Billie guffaws out loud, then stifles it. Ed scowls, pointedly looking at Billie. Wilma, Barbara, and the rest of the FRESHMAN RUNNERS stand shocked, overwhelmed. Billie feigns a yawn behind Ed’s back. Wilma whispers to Barbara. Ed brings out a SCALE. Eleanor lines everyone up. BILLIE, who jumps on and jumps off. No problem. Ed looks down the line. Ed, barely looking up from his notepad, motions with his pen for Barbara to get on the scale. Ed inspects the number, raises an eyebrow. Hesitant, Wilma steps on the scale. Ed squints in concentration. He adjusts Wilma’s posture. Ed reads the scale and takes Wilma in for the first time. Wilma shrinks back into the Team. Ed CHIRPS his whistle. Eleanor and Billie are in earshot; they roll their eyes. Wilma and Barbara’s jaws drop. The GIRLS begin running on Ed’s whistle. Each Girl has a unique running style. Billie’s stride is nonchalant, but powerful. Eleanor’s steady and calculated. Barbara’s gait is showy and slick. Wilma’s long legs make her look as though she is gliding on ice. Billie leads the pack with Wilma doing her best to keep pace with her. STUDENTS scramble about. SORORITY GIRLS (AKAs) wear pink sweaters and talk loudly at a table. Barbara eyes them longingly as she and Eleanor push their trays through the line. Then her eyes widen as she watches Billie loading up her tray. Billie inhales a big bite of cake. Barbara checks out the desserts. She chooses a few.  I'd take Billie's advice with a  gets plenty of exercise outside of She does. She reluctantly puts back only one of her desserts. AT THE TABLE Wilma scans the cafeteria and spies Billie, Barbara, and Eleanor. Intimidated, she walks towards them. There’s an awkward silence. Wilma breaks it. Everyone instinctively looks at Barbara who doesn’t seem to notice. There’s another awkward beat. These four women may be teammates, but they have absolutely nothing in common.  Billie winks at a BOY staring at her from afar. Eleanor purses her lips. Shit. Fear washes over Wilma’s face. Barely breathing, Wilma forces a nod. Just then, Wendell walks in with confidence. He stands in the middle of the cafeteria and gives a distinctive ALPHA FRAT CALL with gusto. A table full of ALPHA PHI ALPHA BROTHERS stand up. They’re smartly dressed in Frat regalia of the times: Button downs, trousers, oxfords, some wear bow ties.  A-PHI-A! A RIVAL FRAT GUY responds with another chant.  RIVAL FRAT GUY  PHI BE-TA SiiiIII-GMA! In response, Wendell and the Alphas chant.  Sigmas got some soul!/A-Phi-A, A- They begin to STEP. The rhythm of their steps fills the cafeteria. Then the rival Sigma Frat jumps in to battle. Suddenly, AKA sorority start their signature ladylike moves. Not to be outdone, ZETA PHI BETA Sorority begins to battle. It's a magical moment. Our Tigerbelles watch in awe. Barbara, in particular, is intrigued. She catches the eye of Wendell. The STEPPING and CHANTS continue over: An ALARM CLOCK goes off. Wilma groggily looks over at the other bed. Barbara’s asleep with an eye mask, pink rollers, and a scarf over her hair. Wilma quietly slides out of bed. Wilma in Math class, studiously taking notes. The STUDENT ahead of her, sporting a TSU FOOTBALL shirt, turns to hand her the readers. This is JESSE, 20. Wilma almost gasps at how good looking he is. Wilma takes a reader and smiles shyly. Jesse can’t help but to take a look back over his shoulder. A stern LIBRARIAN walks Wilma through her campus job. The Librarian wheels out MOUNDS OF BOOKS. Wilma sighs. Wilma leaves the library, making her way across campus. She sees a group of NURSING STUDENTS pass by. Then, TWO THEATER STUDENTS recite Shakespeare. Wilma smiles to herself; being at college is a dream come true. Barbara’s already dressed in her practice gear. She’s propped up next to the dorm PHONE BOOTH. Wilma comes in the lobby. Barbara sticks the phone in Wilma’s hand with a mischievous glint in her eye. Barbara hurries off. Wilma stares at the phone, torn. A FOR COLORED ONLY sign is firmly tacked to the phone booth. Robert toys with the cord, subtly clocking looks from the WHITE BYSTANDERS passing by. Robert brightens when he hears Wilma’s voice. She hangs up and takes off running. Robert’s left listening to the dull DIAL TONE, a little overlooked. It’s 5:58. Ed taps his watch suggestively as Wilma runs up, just in the nick of time. He blows his whistle.  Three lines, girls. Eleanor, run  ‘em through the warm up. Eleanor leads them through exercises: high knees, butt kicks, lunges. Wilma and Barbara focus on each other, competing even in the warm-up. Wilma’s feet dig into the starting blocks. Sweat pours from her face. Barbara and Billie flank her on each side. BANG! They take off. Suddenly, Ed emphatically waves his arms and BLOWS his whistle bringing the Girls to a halt. Ed marches to Wilma and positions her back to the blocks.  your take off. Wilma’s confused. She looks to Barbara and Billie. They don’t have a damn clue what he’s talking about either. Ed stands in front of her inspecting her heel-to-toe relationship. Her feet are shoulder width apart. Ed holds his arms out in front of Wilma, bracing for impact. She does. His hands halt her shoulders mid-stride.  Hold the stance. One of Wilma’s legs stays up, holding her hard post position. Eleanor takes copious notes. As Wilma strains to hold the position, her butt sticks out causing her stance to falter. Billie laughs and tries to give Eleanor a hand-slide, but Eleanor shushes her. Ed motions for Barbara to hold her hard post position. He nods his approval. Points to Billie. She nails it. Wilma lowers her gaze, feeling a little picked on. Wilma catches Barbara, Eleanor, and Billie watching. Ed digs around in his crate of EQUIPMENT. He pulls out an ANKLE WEIGHT and straps it onto Wilma’s left ankle. He snakes the strap around Wilma’s shoulder blades into a figure 8 and then loops it under her armpits. He tightens the strap and she immediately stands up straighter, but is self-conscious. He motions for her to head back to the track. Wilma tightens her face to hide embarrassment. Eleanor takes notice of Wilma’s dismay with Ed’s solution. WHISTLE BLOWS! Wilma starts to run, clearly slowed by the contraption. Ed watches her in the back of the pack. Billie, Eleanor, and Barbara peel off her sweaty track attire. Wilma shleps in, the dispiritedness still present. In her underwear, Barbara monitors her svelte figure. Everything is taut and in place. Wilma turns away and tucks herself into a corner to hide her body. With her back to the Girls, she takes off her top. A C-SECTION SCAR is present on her stomach. She quickly slides on a shirt to hide it. Wilma glances at her own image in the broken mirror. Barbara playfully shows off, giving dramatic face poses. No one nods in agreement. Billie turns to Wilma. Wilma goes quiet to keep the peace. The gauntlet is thrown. To save face, Eleanor fires back. Barbara chuckles causing Billie to one-up Eleanor. Barbara sucks her teeth and scans Eleanor, reading her. Eleanor turns to Wilma who cuts her eyes to the ground. It’s best to be Switzerland. Stay neutral. Irritated, Eleanor grabs her things and heads for the door.  We’ll see who’s crawling after  Coach makes cuts. Icy, Billie and Barbara leave in opposite directions. Wilma takes a deep breath, alone without a team. The Rudolph Family gathers around the kitchen table. Makeshift decorations adorn the kitchen coupled with a handwritten HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIGN. A group of LITTLE GIRLS dote over Yolanda. Wilma’s glued to the stack of school books crowding the kitchen table. She subconsciously fidgets with the brace contraption on her body. Robert slides a slice of untouched birthday cake closer to Wilma, but she doesn’t notice.  an athlete when practice ends. It Yolanda GIGGLES as she holds onto the table, trying to take her first steps.  there trying to strut. Charlene saddles up next to Wilma trying to bring hope. Robert and Charlene turn to one another, unsure of how to soothe Wilma. Charlene pushes the cake closer to Wilma. Charlene looks for backup from Robert, who looks on, almost testing. Wilma sits there longingly looking at her cake. She takes a big bite, closing her eyes in satisfaction. Robert kisses her gently on the cheek as an apology. The Tigerbelles gather with noticeably fewer girls in attendance. Ed beckons them closer. Proven correct, Eleanor self-righteously raises her brows to Billie, Barbara, and Wilma. Wilma stiffly stands wearing the brace contraption, hoping this is all worth it. The Tigerbelles all look at one another. Who’s it gonna be? Ed BLOWS the whistle and the Girls run. He takes notes. As Eleanor takes off with urgency... A CLUNKY RUNNER ...takes to the track, but her stride has no cadence and she weaves in between the lines. Ed motions for her to leave the track. Saddened, she does. Ed lines the Girls up for another run. Barbara digs deep as she hustles around the track. A STIFF RUNNER ...makes the turn on the track with her upper body rigid. Ed blows the whistle and points for her to leave. Down goes another runner. The Girls line up for another run. Billie passes the others with ease, looking like a winner. A HEEL-HIKER ...can’t avoid over-striding. It makes her foot land too far in front of her knee. Ed adjust his glasses. He waves his hand for her to stop running. She let’s the tears flow. Another run. Wilma’s fingers press into the track, awaiting Ed’s whistle. Ed BLOWS it and they’re off. He immediately notices Wilma’s posture is off. This faux-pas puts Billie in the lead. Barbara and Eleanor are close behind. Wilma kicks into another gear to catch up. Ed zeros in her, and only her. -- WILMA’S LEGS running, her FEET STRIKING the track. -- Ed is one with his STOPWATCH. His eyes widens as he looks between his stopwatch and Wilma. -- Wilma breathes rhythmically, running in stride. She passes Eleanor and closes in on Barbara with cheetah like speed. -- Ed stops staring at the stopwatch. Seeing something special, the whistle drops from his mouth. -- WILMA’S ARMS PUMPING. Her face suddenly contorts into a strained look. She’s flies by Barbara. Billie crosses the finish line with Wilma only inches behind her. Wilma almost caught up, but failed. Ed shakes his head in frustration. Wilma’s frustrated with herself as Ed addresses the Girls. The remaining Girls on the track congratulate each other. Ed’s makeshift office is nothing more than a desk in the middle of an equipment storage shed. Wilma follows Ed. Wilma tugs at the brace. Wilma’s thrown off. Did he just call her “Skeeter?” Wilma scans the area, she’s alone. She pumps her fist in the air and lets out a SHRIEK of joy. Ed can’t help but to smile as the excited SOUNDS of WILMA’S SHRIEKING comes into his office. As the sounds die out, Ed’s eyes fall on an OLD BOX sitting behind his desk. His worried look shows that this box haunts him. He slowly approaches the box. He exhales as he opens it. It’s full of NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS, MEDAL RIBBONS, and OLD RACE NUMBER RUNNING BIBS. He rifles through each item. INSERT: A headline reads: MARVIN JOHNSON, TENNESSEE STATE UNIVERSITY TRACK AND FOOTBALL STAR SWEEPS HBCU NATIONALS. Ed scans the write up. INSERT: ED’S NAME is toward the bottom. He’s listed as an ALSO RAN. The PHOTO shows Marvin Johnson crossing the finish line with Ed far off in the background, forgotten. Ed slams the box shut, unsettled by those memories. Ed walks toward the infield where COACH MARVIN JOHNSON, 38, YELLS from the sidelines at the FOOTBALL TEAM. Dressed in his pristine TSU sweatsuit, it’s clear his BMOC (Big Man on Campus) status never died. But Ed has his gaze and step locked in on the man chit chatting with Marvin Johnson... Tennessee State University’s President, WALTER DAVIS, 60. Just as Ed is about to speak to Davis... CLACK!!! Both Ed and Davis’ attention is drawn to the clashing of shoulder pads from the massive HIT on the field. Jesse (Wilma’s classmate) has made the impressive tackle. Marvin proudly looks on. He nudges Ed in fun and belts out an annoying laugh. Jesus, Ed can’t stand this guy and we can see why. He tries to be the bigger man. Ed moves closer to Walter. Davis tries to contain his irritation. Ed has a history of pestering him. They move away from Marvin. Ed has Davis’ ear; he adds to his pitch. Davis considers it and dangles a carrot. Ed nods. A potential victory on its way. The early morning light kisses the horizon. Charlene holds Yolanda in her arms. She and Wilma are squeezed together as Robert drives to campus. Wilma anxiously taps her feet. Robert abruptly HITS his brakes. Traffic has backed up ahead of them. Robert cranes his heads out his window to see what’s going on. POLICE LIGHTS FLASH ahead. Like hell. Wilma’s grabs her overnight bag. She gives Yolanda a very quick kiss and leaps out. Wilma doesn’t even look back to see Yolanda reaching out for her. Charlene lets out a heavy laden sigh. The campus of Tennessee State University sits in the distance. Wilma runs through the HOGS and TRAFFIC towards it. Ed and the Tigerbelles wait in a van. All of the RUNNERS are there, except for one. Billie slumps in her seat wearing sunglasses. Very hung over. Frowning, Billie slightly lowers her sunglasses. As Ed continues to rant, WILMA DARTS into the van. Eager, Barbara nudges Billie, waiting on Ed to erupt. Their eyes dart between the two, anticipating. Ed takes in Wilma profusely sweating and still winded. Slightly pissed, Barbara mouths, “What the hell?” to Billie as Ed slams the van door shut. A BANNER reads: 1958 HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES TRACK MEET. Our Tigerbelles arrive, turning the heads of their opponents. They’re definitely in the “foxes” category. Barbara stops walking, looking unimpressed.  fans supposed to sit? HONKS blare out. Barbara's Parents jump out of their Lincoln with Family and Friends. Their SIGNS and fervent waves feign celebrity status. She beams, playing the part. Barbara throws an “I told you so” look to Billie. Wilma turns to see her entire Family has also made the trip. Robert uses Yolanda’s little hand to wave at Wilma. Billie looks to Eleanor for backup, but she’s wandered off to a STOIC and PROPER COUPLE. They give a tight and polite wave to Eleanor. These devout church goers are Eleanor’s parents. As Wilma runs over to her family, Billie can’t help but to notice she has no family in attendance. Her eyes dart from Barbara, to Eleanor, and finally to Wilma. All surrounded by their blood. Billie quickly refocuses her attention the ALABAMA STATE TRACK ASSISTANT COACH who’s smiling at her. Billie switches toward the young coach. Meanwhile, Wilma gathers with her family. Charlene points to Barbara’s Family fawning over Barbara doing her best poses. They’re celebrating absolutely nothing. Wilma takes in her Family staring at her... expectations high. She takes a deep breath. Ed spots President Davis in the CROWD making small talk. Ed gets serious, feeling stakes of his own. MONTAGE - TUSKEGEE TRACK MEET: ATHLETES from Tuskegee University, Alabama State, Prairie View A&M, and Florida A&M mill about. -- Line up for the 100. Wilma and Barbara get in the blocks. Wilma fidgets. The RUNNER next to her gives a tough gaze. The GUN FIRES! Wilma wins easily. Barbara struggles for SECOND PLACE. She looks to her family, downcast. -- Line up for the 200: Barbara, Billie, and Wilma walk to their lanes and shake out their muscles. Eleanor looks at the Tigerbelles and then at Ed. He’s glowering. The Starter FIRES his pistol. Wilma’s got a bubble butt.  Billie! Barbara, focus! Eleanor, -- The race ends with Billie placing first, Wilma second, and Barbara narrowly securing third. Eleanor closes in fourth. Ed glances up at President Davis, who claps, very pleased. -- The 4x100 relay: The Tigerbelles huddle.  twenty steps. If she only does The team disbands to take their places around the track. Billie lines up next to the Tuskegee Runner who was throwing shade in warm-ups. BANG! Billie takes off with spring in her step and passes the baton to Eleanor. Eleanor runs hard then passes perfectly to Barbara. Barbara catches her Family CHEERING from the corner of her eye and turns on the gas. The handoff with Barbara and Wilma is not clean! Ed cringes at this error, but Wilma easily cruises with her long strides. She takes FIRST PLACE! families and clicks. To his dismay, Ed witnesses this. President Davis CLAPS with fervor and beckons Ed over. Davis walks off leaving Ed angsty. He turns to see Billie doing a victory dance as the Girls finally reconvene to celebrate together. They boast loudly around Billie. Billie stops. The other Girls quiet down. The smiles drain from their faces. Her sarcasm wasn’t quiet low enough because Ed spins back. Undeterred, Ed points at the track. In disbelief, they obey. The FANS suddenly stop their chatter. The other TEAMS whisper to one another. Barbara, Eleanor, and Wilma look at their Families... each family gut-wrenched. Humiliated and with shame on their faces, the Tigerbelles start to run. A small, neat home belonging to Ed’s sister-in-law, Maisie. Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor have made beds on the couch and pallets on the floor with a variety of mismatched pillows and blankets. Eleanor pores over a SPORTS ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE and studiously jots down notes. LEGGY FEMALE ATHLETES are on the cover. Billie notes this. Eleanor ignores her and continues reading. Barbara pulls out a hat box and gently removes the lid to reveal... a perfectly baked PIE. All of their eyes bulge. The Girls dig in, inhaling each bite with pure exultation. Wilma lets out a joyful moan. Wilma gasps and Eleanor metaphorically clutches her pearls. Barbara doubles over laughing. Barbara takes another bite, all ears. Wilma takes in Billie’s words. The Girls laugh and give each other hand-slides. Ed holds the rotary phone in his hand as he cradles the handset. MAISIE, 30, gestures toward the phone with a wave. C.B., in a pretty nightgown, finishes wrapping her hair in a satin scarf. C.B. motions to The Temple children walking down the hallway. EDWINA, 6, and LLOYD, 4, come in and kiss her goodnight. She holds the phone toward them. A moment of relief graces Ed’s face.  church who get nervous every time a  woman takes the lead on anything. She laughs. He somehow knows just how to make her do that. Edwina and Lloyd start playing around. Time to shut it down. C.B. makes sure Edwina and Lloyd have gone down the hallway. Their door SLAMS. C.B. leans into the phone listening to the silence on the other end. She knows him. Ed shifts his weight as he leans against the wall. His mind is heavy. The TIGERBELLES’ LAUGHTER wafts into the room. Ed, still irritated, furrows his brow. The Girls hear Ed and softly GIGGLE with the forks firmly in their hands. She digs into the pie. The Girls quietly laugh as they follow suit, eating right out of the tin. Eleanor slips out the room. Eleanor listens on the other side of the door. There’s a KNOCK on the door closest to Ed. He hangs up the phone and steps out into the hallway to find Eleanor standing there.  but I think you need to see this. She shows him the SPORTS ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE. INSERT: ELEANOR’S HANDWRITTEN NOTES are on the page. TIGERBELLES RUNNERS NAMES appear. Ed studies the page, then locks eyes with Eleanor. Knowing. She gives a subtle smile. He nods, optimistic... Whatever he has just read is a game changer. Ed lugs his bags from Tuskegee inside. Then, he spots his portly mother-in-law, MAMA GRACE, 60, on the couch crocheting. She delivers a judgmental glance over the top of her glasses as he walks in the door. HEADLIGHTS shine through the window as the sound of TIRES on GRAVEL invade the house. C.B. comes in the front door. She looks at Ed, visibly annoyed. Both C.B. and Ed throw Mama Grace a glance. C.B. and Ed turn to one another... not exactly their choice. The bedroom is well-kept with his and hers beds. It’s functionally decorated with practical mid-century decor. Ed walks in and looks at C.B. in bed, reading a CHURCH PAMPHLET about her LITERACY PROGRAM. He pulls out the Sports Illustrated Magazine. A WHITE TRACK TEAM from Texas is on the cover. C.B. raises a brow. She turns the page and now we REVEAL... INSERT: CHART OF RUNNING TIMES. The Tigerbelles’ TIMES are written on it by Eleanor for comparison. C.B. closely examines the page. He swallows hard, but is certain. C.B. shakes her head, knowing what this means. He settles on the bed next to C.B. C.B.’s eyes move to the literacy pamphlet, then back to him. She purses her lips. He chuckles. He cuddles up to her and kisses her neck. The two whisper and make love. Wilma trains alone on the track. Determined, she’s wearing the brace Ed gave her. Jesse and his TEAMMATES pack up their gear at the end of football practice. Jesse lingers behind his Teammates to watch Wilma run. She's natural and beautiful. He walks toward her and she slows down to a trot. She fidgets with the brace, embarrassed. Jesse notices. She nods, grateful for his kind words. Wilma tries not to look excited about the news. Wilma cuts her eyes to the ground. A smile comes to her face. Huh? Her smile falls. Wilma walks over to the blocks and directly settles in. Jesse gets into the blocks next to her. He's close to her, intimate. Their bodies just inches away. They steal a glance at each other. Both liking what they see. Wilma’s breaks eye contact and Jesse picks up on it... the intimacy’s too much. He switches gears. They take off running together, playfully racing, laughing. -- Barbara slides through COUPLES slow grinding on the dance floor at the ALPHA’s frat house. Wendell rolls a cigarette during a spades game. He sees Barbara and jumps up. Wendell happily leads her into the party. -- The life of her own party, Billie’s at a JUKE JOINT grinding and throwing back drinks. -- Wilma shakes Yolanda’s bottle while skimming the graded test in her hand. She got a C. Yolanda squirms in her arms. She holds the poor test in her mouth during feeding. -- Late, Eleanor’s in bed looking over her track notes. She hears LAUGHTER outside. She peeks out of her window to see GROUPS of GIRLS having fun. She closes her shade. -- Wilma counts out a tiny stack of CASH. She stuffs all but $3 in an ENVELOPE addressed to her MOTHER. -- Wilma and Barbara come to the dorm late from practice. Stomach growling, Wilma looks at the clock. It's 10 P.M. She turns to her pile of books, sighs and sits down to start studying. -- Ed adjusts the brace on Wilma’s body. She winces as it digs further into her skin. -- Exhausted, Wilma prepares an ice bath. She SCREAMS when she plunges into the freezing water. -- The Tigerbelles run hard. Energy wavers. Ed YELLS from the sidelines. -- Ed monitors Billie and Barbara as they struggle doing push- ups and crunches. -- Morning sun comes through the window to find Billie’s in bed still dressed from her night on the town. She snores drunkenly. The family is having a sit-down dinner. C.B. exhales as Ed talks animatedly. Before Edwina can answer, Ed keeps on talking. A light bulb goes off. He suddenly grabs his jacket. C.B. grits her teeth as the door SLAMS behind him. Ed stakes out in his station wagon across from the dorm. All is peaceful and quiet. He yawns and checks his watch. Suddenly, a PACK OF SORORITY PLEDGES wearing dunce caps exit the AKA SORORITY HOUSE across the way. The AKAs, dressed in pink and green, bark orders at the Pledges as they do army crawls in the dirt. Ed puts his glasses on to take a better look. Amongst the group, he sees BARBARA! They finish the drill and disperse. Barbara’s worn-out as she stumbles to the dorm. As Ed shakes his head in disappointment, a shiny CADILLAC squeals up to the dorm curb. Out climbs BILLIE! Aghast, Ed FLASHES his headlights and HONKS. Billie, startled, squints to see who’s honking. She recognizes Coach Temple’s car. She makes a run for it and heads directly to the dorm. Billie comes thundering down the hall. Barbara pops her head out her door. In pajamas and an old housecoat, Eleanor pokes her head out her door. They bolt to the window and peer down on Coach Temple’s car. Wilma and Jesse carry to a stack of books as they head for the dorms. Ed speeds his car toward Wilma and Jesse. She’s a deer in his headlights. Wilma takes a deep breath. This is gonna be difficult. Even though they can’t hear the conversation, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor watch the drama unfold FROM THE DORM WINDOW. They might as well have popcorn. Jesse waits with baited breath. Cue noted. Jesse carefully places several more books into Wilma’s arms before leaving. focused on Ed and Wilma. He’s very animated. They turn to one another with a knowing look... this can’t be good. Ed BLOWS THE WHISTLE to end practice. The Tigerbelles are sweat-soaked and worn. Barbara and Billie exchange a glance as they all pack up. They pack faster and begin to leave the field with Wilma and Eleanor. Eleanor slow their pace, listening from a distance. Billie starts to protest, but Ed BLOWS his WHISTLE. Wilma, Billie, Barbara, and Eleanor, all in their Tigerbelles uniforms, walk toward a handful of CARS illuminating the track with headlights. Barbara pulls at her uniform. Billie scans the darkened area. She can’t see if anyone is in the cars. As the Tigerbelles emerge closer to the track, a CAR DOOR OPENS. They hesitate until they see Ed get out of his car, with his whistle, stopwatch, and clipboard in hand. Suddenly, PEOPLE emerge from the other cars. FOUR HIGH SCHOOL BOYS, Black 14, and 4 HBCU ALUMNI WOMEN TRACK TEAM, Black 25. Wilma, Eleanor, Barbara, and Billie take in the teams. Billie puts her hand on her hip. Barbara stifles her laughter. Wilma and Eleanor half-grin. A string of ‘Whatever’ shrugs and unenthusiastic nods pepper Wilma, Billie, and Barbara’s faces. Ed hands them their BIBS. The Girls see Ed has accumulated some REFEREES. Jesse puts the final touches on the FRESH LANE LINES. Wendell holds FINISH LINE ROLLS. Ed’s called all hands on deck. Billie puts on her bib and starts for the track. 4x200: Winded, Billie PANTS as she runs full speed at the TURN. Her head slightly turns to either side. She’s actually being matched by the HIGH SCHOOL RUNNER and the HBCU RUNNER! Billie is shocked as hell. Ed watches, astounded. Pouring with sweat, Billie pushes harder and harder to find herself LAST. Eleanor anxiously awaits the baton. Billie finally sticks the handoff. Eleanor concentrates as she breathes RHYTHMICALLY to count her step count. In the turn, her habitual syncopated cadence is thrown off. She can’t turn her burners on. Barbara sighs heavily as she watches Eleanor’s squinted face approach. Handoff complete. Barbara’s usual slick glide is enough to catch the HBCU RUNNER, but she’s a step away from the HIGH SCHOOL RUNNER. Wilma keeps her eyes locked forward as Barbara approaches. She holds out her hand. Flat. Palm upwards... waiting to accept. As Barbara goes to deliver the baton with a single swift deliberate smack, they bobble the handoff AGAIN! changeover zone! Billie and Eleanor immediately double over. Ed lays into the whistle. FWEET!!!!! Barbara spins around ready to unload, but Eleanor hops in. Seething, Ed starts to walk away. Ed spins around, his fury and disappointment with them swirls on his hardened face. Ed goes over to the COACHES, REFEREES, and other RUNNERS. Jesse sympathetically looks at Wilma. Barbara, embarrassed, avoids Wendell’s gaze. Demoralized, dejected and DQ’d... they stand as the most separate foursome ever. The smooth, low rumble of a BARITONE SAX BLOWS while a TRIO OF FEMALES SINGERS snap their fingers to the beat. The R&B MUSIC from the LIVE BAND weaves through the elegantly dressed COLLEGE COUPLES dancing. Hanging sign read: HOMECOMING 1959. AT A PHOTO BACKDROP Wilma and Robert pose for formal portraits. Robert’s suit is a little ill-fitting and unstylish. It’s definitely more of a hand-me-down Sunday suit than a formal one. Barbara and Wendell sit with Eleanor. Naturally, Barbara’s decked out fabulously. Eleanor has done little to transform her look. She still clings to her infamous notebook. Barbara stops her rant to take a bite off her plate. Eleanor jots something down in her notebook. Billie arrives, turning heads, but dressed more for a nightclub than a formal. She catches Wilma’s eye. Wilma gives her a warm smile, but Billie simply ignores her and walks on. Wilma’s face falls. Then-- Billie perks up and Wilma notices, hurt. Billie walks over to join Barbara and Eleanor. She sizes up Eleanor’s attire. In fun, Billie winks. Eleanor merely responds with an unbothered look. Eleanor scans her attire. Robert notices a cloud cross Wilma's face; she’s noticed the cold shoulder Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor are giving her. Robert heads to join the Tigerbelles and their DATES. As Wilma heads for the punch, Jesse enters in his well-cut, stylish and sharp suit. He stops her en route. WITH ROBERT AT THE TIGERBELLES’ TABLE Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor give each other hand-slides and self-assured nods; they proudly smile at the accomplishment. Wendell looks over at Barbara, confused. Everyone laughs. Suddenly, the Crowd starts CHEERING. The MC of the event comes to the front of the stage. FINGERS start to pound the piano keys, playing the opening notes of “What’d I Say.” Eleanor puts her notebook down and jumps up, clapping to the beat. Billie and Barbara both join her, screaming with excitement. RAY CHARLES, 29, does his signature side rock as the TSU Crowd goes wild. As Barbara, Billie, Eleanor, and Wendell dance, Robert’s on cloud nine. He searches through the Crowd. Suddenly, he looks like he got hit by a truck. Jesse and Wilma are dancing! Jesse holds Wilma’s hand as he gets into the dance. She giggles with joy. Billie turns around to find Robert clenching his teeth. She nudges Barbara. They watch Robert, pissed, cut through the Crowd toward them. Robert comes up behind Wilma. His eyes cutting into Jesse. Wilma spins around seeing Robert’s scrunched face. Jesse slides in between Wilma and Robert. Eleanor has now joined Barbara and Billie in looking at the brewing tension between Robert and Jesse. Eleanor grabs Barbara and Billie, quickly pulling them toward Wilma, Robert, and Jesse. Wilma steps in between Jesse and Robert. Robert isn’t convinced. When Jesse puts his hand on Wilma’s shoulder, a rage sets across Robert’s face. Robert PUNCHES Jesse. The Tigerbelles SCREAM as Jesse hits the floor. Jesse collects himself and begins to return the punches. A couple of his FOOTBALL TEAMMATES run over. Wendell and his FRAT BROTHERS rush in to shut this down... they hold back Jesse and his Teammates from Robert. Wilma looks mortified, Barbara and Eleanor are appalled, but Billie is smugly satisfied. Wilma looks over at Billie who makes sure to speak loud Billie’s very pointed with this and Wilma can do nothing, but run out of the room. There’s truth in this and Billie knows it. Pride still bigger than reasoning, Billie shrugs her shoulders and walks off. Solemn, Wilma and Robert lean against his truck. Robert hops in his truck. Robert doesn’t bother to respond. He speeds off leaving Wilma The Tigerbelles load their suitcases into the back of Coach Temple’s station wagon. Ed kneels down in front of Edwina and Lloyd. C.B. stands behind them. He gives each of the them a kiss goodbye. When Ed goes to hug C.B., she hands him a box full of BAGGED LUNCHES. Clearly, there won’t be any hugs coming his way. He peers over his shoulder to make sure The Tigerbelles can’t hear. She’s taken aback by his phrasing.  ‘Little event?’ He checks again to make sure they aren’t being overhead. C.B. takes out a few bagged lunches from the box. She puts on a smile and goes over to join The Tigerbelles at the car. She hands each girl a paper bag.  Coach wants to limit the stops. Wilma and Billie peer into the paper bag. THEIR POV: There’s a SANDWICH wrapped in wax paper, an APPLE, a COOKIE, and an EMPTY MASON JAR. Wilma and Billie sneak a look at each other in confusion about the empty jar. Barbara and Eleanor give C.B. a warm smile of appreciation. The Tigerbelles beam at C.B.’s support. Ed uses this warm moment as a nice segue into stealing a kiss goodbye. C.B. returns it, but it’s not the warmest moment. He watches her put her arms around Edwina and Lloyd. Nearby, Jesse jogs up with his bag. He tosses it in the car. Wilma pulls Jesse to the side for privacy. Wilma is thankful for his playing down the severity. Jesse drives while Ed sits shotgun, going over paperwork. Wilma gazes out the window. HER POV: The car passes MEHARRY MEDICAL COLLEGE, where she was treated as a child. An OLDER WOMAN with polio comes out on crutches with the aid of a NURSE. Wilma adjusts the brace that Ed makes her wear... a constant reminder of how her childhood struggles are still with her. They’re deep in countryside now. Jesse flips on the radio. "Baby You've Got What it Takes" by Brook Benton and Dinah Washington. Barbara wiggles uncomfortably in her seat. Wilma watches Barbara continue to squirm in her seat. The Girls are confused. Wilma fishes around her lunch sack and pulls out her empty jar. The Tigerbelles looks vary from disgust to disbelief. They check the space behind them to see a FOLDED SHEET. Barbara looks disgustedly and inquisitively at the jar. driveway that leads down to a property. The Tigerbelles climb out, a little triumphant. Jesse glances after them, Ed throws him the modesty sheet to cover his eyes. WITH THE GIRLS IN THE BUSHES They stride hurriedly into the bushes to pee. Barbara is especially vexed and struggling with her fussy coat and purse to hurry and relieve herself. Eleanor and Billie just stare at her in disbelief. They all squat down to pee. They stretch their legs outside of the station wagon. A POLICE CAR approaches. Ed motions to Jesse.  COACH TEMPLE  Pretend like you checking the tire. Jesse does as told. A WHITE OFFICER looks out of his window, taking in the scene as he drives slowly. Jesse fiddles with the tire. Ed holds his breath. But the Officer doesn’t stop, he drives off. Ed and Jesse exhale in relief. Then... ...toting a FARM DOG pulls up onto the property. It slows upon seeing Ed and Jesse. They tense up. The Tigerbelles emerge from the bushes jovial and buoyant. The DOG begins to BARK wildly. The driver’s door opens slowly... a SHOTGUN BARREL appears through the crack. The door swings open to reveal a pimple- faced WHITE BOY, 14, dressed in too-large overalls. The gun’s so heavy it’s awkward in his arms. Barbara tries to maintain a straight face at his blunder. Ed throws her a death glare. Eleanor slyly hits Barbara in her side to shut up. Everyone stiffens. Ed knows this could go badly. The Tigerbelles watch Ed’s humble plea. This is a side of their coach they've never seen before. Ed shoots her another look to keep quiet, as do Jesse and the rest of the Girls. The White Boy, with his gun clumsily and dangerously aimed at the group, steps closer to the station wagon. They hurriedly climb inside, not daring to look back. Everyone sits shaken by this close call. Jesse tries to lighten the mood. Wilma and the Girls force a chuckle. But Ed’s grim, still affected by the moment. Everyone goes quiet. Ed turns, looks Barbara squarely in the eye. Ed faces forward. Everyone sits in silence and reflection. The station wagon crosses 125th Street and into Harlem. STYLISH BLACK PEOPLE cruise the streets. Ed’s station wagon pulls up outside of the HOTEL THERESA. The Tigerbelles bubble with excitement. Ed is grumpy, but it’s hard to argue with her logic. Before Eleanor has a chance to protest, Billie and Barbara hook her arm and whisk her away. Only Jesse and Wilma remain. The LIGHTS sparkle. Romantic. Idyllic. Wilma and Jesse walk. Jesse takes this in. Wilma’s mind wanders... Jesse looks at her anew; taking her in with awe. He sweetly compliments her figure. Wilma blushes and deflects, embarrassed by the attention. Jesse folds his arms, disagreeing. Damn, he’s too sweet. Wilma meets his eyes. Jesse takes her hand. Wilma’s hesitant as hell, her uncertain eyes meeting Jesse’s as he takes a step closer to her. The romantic energy is palpable. He leans in and the romantic moment overtakes Wilma’s initial resistance. They kiss with the lights of the big city twinkling all around them. CIRCUS TRUCKS pack up outside with ANIMALS, JUGGLERS, ACROBATS, CARNIES, the whole nine yards. Ed leads The Tigerbelles past the spectacle. Ahead of them lies the track. In the middle of the field are a sea of WHITE TRACK TEAMS warming up. Bodies buzz around in every direction. The Tigerbelles take in the scope of the event. The stakes could not be more visual: They are the only Black runners here. Wilma and Billie both jab her. Ed gets in the TEAM CHECK-IN LINE. It’s long and disorganized. He stands behind COACH ABERNATHY, 50, the white coach of the Texas team featured in the Sports Illustrated article. Ed does some small talk. Coach Abernathy finally looks at Ed. He doesn’t seem to be impressed, rather Abernathy’s amused. Ed eyes Coach Abernathy from head to toe. Ed isn’t impressed by him either. Abernathy’s surprised by this and takes a sudden interest in Ed, watching him closely as he walks away. A FEW YARDS AWAY The Tigerbelles begin to unload near the TEXAS TRACK TEAM. Barbara leans toward Wilma, Billie, and Eleanor. The Texas Team stare at The Tigerbelles who stare back... each sizing each other up. We recognize JANICE, the Sports Illustrated cover girl; a tall, immaculately groomed blonde. Eleanor stares at them as they warm-up. They’ve got a military-like precision to their training. Meanwhile, Janice whispers to her own Team. They glance over to The Tigerbelles and laugh, talking shit of their own. Ed walks up, flipping through paperwork. Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor know the stakes. It weighs heavily on them. Ed squats down, making sure all eyes are on them. Eleanor, confused, scans her notebook. Encouraged, the Tigerbelles nod in agreement. Janice is in lane five, the best lane, shaking herself loose. Billie passes directly over her blocks to mess with her. Janice tries to seem unfazed. THE STARTER readies himself on the sidelines. All RUNNERS settle themselves into the blocks. Janice slightly looks over at Billie. BAM! The Starter FIRES the starting pistol. Janice falters getting out of the blocks. Billie’s off like a dart. The other Runners struggle to keep stride with her. Billie crosses the finish line FIRST and with panache. The Tigerbelles all CHEER. Ed remains stoic. Ed notes the grandness of the Crowd and the arena. Barbara takes off her warmup sweats. Barbara nods and struts her way up to her starting block. BAM! Barbara WINS her heat without once even looking at her competition. As she crosses the finish line, her eyes are caught up in all of the SPECTATORS in the stands. Coach Abernathy YELLS at his Team. He glares at Ed, not happy about how his team is doing. Ed pulls Wilma aside. Wilma’s unsure, but hands the brace over. Ed notes Abernathy talking to an OFFICIAL. The Official strides over. A wry smile crosses Ed’s lips; he recognizes this strategic attempt by Coach Abernathy. Ed hands the cleats over to the Official, never taking his eyes off Abernathy. The Tigerbelles stand huddled together, feeling very small in this large arena. Billie licks her finger and makes a SIZZLING SOUND as she touches her butt. She touches The Tigerbelles and makes the same sizzle sound. They all giggle, relax, and stand taller. The Official returns to Ed with the cleats. Ed collects the Tigerbelles. They put on their cleats and line up for their relay. Eleanor is the lead off. Barbara’s 2nd, Billie’s 3rd and Wilma’s the anchor. Wilma looks into the Crowd, slightly nervous. Jesse catches her eye, and motions for her to peacock. She does a few large stretches and huge leaps to stretch. The RUNNERS next to her watch. She is ready. Eleanor takes her place at the starting block. BAM! The pistol fires. ELEANOR takes off, neck and neck with the Texans. There’s a clean handoff to Barbara, who’s charged by the Crowd. She keeps pace with the Texans and passes to Billie who... SLIPS as she takes off. Not a huge fall but enough of a stumble to lose ground to the Texans, who begin to gain. She hands the baton to Wilma, who is now behind. ED watches Wilma as she digs deep, and makes up all the ground that Billie just lost. Through pure determination, she crosses the line FIRST!!! It's an amazing performance. An emphatic win. The Tigerbelles CHEER. But it's CRICKETS in the stands. WHITE SPECTATORS walk out silently without cheering. Ed clocks this, but the Tigerbelles are oblivious, caught up in their victory with hugs and cheers. Wilma smiles shyly. Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor stand by waiting to receive their individual praise, but it doesn’t come. The smiles stiffen on their faces. A TRACK OFFICIAL comes up to them.  for their money in Mexico City. Ed and the Tigerbelles stand, stunned by the revelation. Dishes clang and clatter as C.B. cleans up after dinner, pissed. Ed throws the dishrag in the sink. He snatches his jacket and heads out before he snaps back. Wilma re-shelves books. She glances around, then pulls a thick LEATHER TOME off the cart. It’s an OLYMPIC HISTORY BOOK. She flips through it. INSERT: PHOTOS of MALE OLYMPIANS. WHITE FEMALE OLYMPIANS. Wilma flips with purpose, then finally stops. INSERT: A TINY PHOTO of ALICE COLEMAN, the first Black woman to win a gold medal. Wilma traces a finger over the gold medal. A new goal. TRUMPETS AND TROMBONES BLARE and DRUMS POUND as the MARCHING BAND AND DRUM LINE train. Nearby the FOOTBALL TEAM push brand new shiny football sleds. Ed leads Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor away from the track and to... Ed stops in an empty field where the OLD JUNKED CAR sits abandoned. He can’t help but to glance at the football team and their new sleds. Billie and Barbara share in their dismay. walks toward the abandoned car. He pats the broken down junker. -- The Girls struggle to push the car. Half of the wheels are flat and barely turn. -- The Girls are out of sync in their pushing of the car. Frustrated, they BARK OUT instructions at one another. -- The car begins to move more quickly. The Girls now more in step with one another, but now the car needs steering. -- Ed recruits a SKINNY MARCHING BAND MEMBER from a LINEUP of STUDENTS that range from a RAIL-THIN WOODWIND PLAYER to a GIGANTIC TUBA PLAYER. -- The Skinny Marching Band Member steers the clunker as the Tigerbelles pull it around the track. -- More MARCHING BAND MEMBERS are inside the car as the Girls continue to pull it around the track. POV FROM INSIDE THE CAR: The Marching Band Members excitedly check out the Girls’ butts as they pull the clunker around the track. Billie turns around, catching them. She hikes her shorts up a little higher to really give them a show. -- President Davis watches skeptically from the sidelines. -- Ed brings over the GIGANTIC TUBA PLAYER. -- The Tigerbelles pull the packed car, complete with the Tuba Player. It's slow going. A CROWD, including Jesse, have gathered to watch. The Tuba Player plays his instrument out the top of the car; the SLOW TOOTS match the pace of the car being pulled. -- As the car gains speed, Ed sends more BAND MEMBERS to jump on the car. The Tigerbelles continue to gain speed as TUBA BEAT QUICKENS. They complete their lap! They jump on the hood as the CROWD CHEERS them on. Ed’s proud, but tries to hide it. President Davis approaches with intense heat. Ed shakes his head at Davis. Taken aback by Ed’s audacity, his eyes dig into Ed. President Davis, irritated, walks off in a huff. A CHOIR SINGS. C.B. sings along as Ed sits next to her. Wilma, Barbara, and Eleanor are by his side; they’re in full on “fox” mode. Billie slides in late with sunglasses, grinning at Eleanor. Several pews away, President Davis and his dignified wife, MARY, sing along in a very reserved manner. The choir selection ends and the PASTOR takes the pulpit. Ed heads to the pulpit. Members of the Congregation nods. Ed glances over at Davis. He clenches his teeth, closely He looks around, trying to figure out his next move. He spots MRS. ENDICOTT, 60, stern looking, refined woman. People APPLAUD and CHEER. Davis shifts in his seat. A DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMEN rises to his feet. Feeling moved, Mary stands up. Davis stares at her, shocked. Ed shoots a coy grin Davis’ way. Davis looks like he could strangle Ed, but puts on a forced smile for the stirred up church. HANDS shoot up in the air as the Congregation offers their services. Ed’s humbled and pleased. The Choir starts SINGING as a collection plate is passed. President Davis catches Ed as the Tigerbelles chat politely with fawning Congregants nearby. The stakes land on him as Davis leaves with a steely gaze. Various PASSENGERS debark the Boeing 707. Ed’s flanked by Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor. The ladies done their smart suits of all colors, pill box hats, gloves, and carrying hat boxes. They turn all heads in the airport. Ed leads the Tigerbelles to the curb, where there’s a SIGN that says: PAN-AMERICAN GAMES - COACH TEMPLE & THE TIGERBELLES. A suited HOSPITALITY AGENT holds it next to a pristine CHRYSLER IMPERIAL LIMO. The Tigerbelles are giddy with delight. Hell, Ed is too. The DRIVER opens the door for them. The Girls nudge each other, impressed with their coach. Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor are glued to the window, staring out in wonderment at the city. Modernity, colorful, Spanish style buildings, lively. Even Ed stops doing paperwork to take in the sights.  NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O.) The limo pulls up to an upscale and grand hotel. As Ed and the Tigerbelles get out of the car, they can’t help but to note the ATHLETES at the hotel... it’s NOT SEGREGATED.  NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O.)  These week-long games are Olympic  qualifiers, and will determine the  national teams for this summer’s Cute MEXICAN GUYS pass by sharing seductive smiles at Billie and the Tigerbelles. Eleanor throws her a warning glance. Eleanor relaxes and looks away. Billie steals a glance over her shoulder, ogling the butt of one of the GUYS. Her eyes tilt up and sees he has been doing the same to her. -- The Tigerbelles carry shopping bags as they laugh and talk. Enjoying this adventure. -- MEN flirt with them as they sit at a restaurant... they flirt back. Even Eleanor tucks her flashcards back in her purse, overtaken by the experience. -- The Tigerbelles eat fresh coconut and elotes. -- Barbara puts a few Mexican COMBS in Wilma’s hair and gives her the seal of approval. Wilma buys the combs and a DOLL. Ed’s at an International Coaches Gathering. The room hums with casual conversation as HOTEL WAITERS deliver drinks. Ed sits with other Coaches, socializing. He’s an equal here. Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor sit in room full of gorgeous YOUNG ATHLETES from all nations. They LAUGH. Wilma peeks over at the clock in the distance. As Wilma walks out, a LARGE RADIO is wheeled by her. A WORKER plugs it in. BALLROOM MUSIC begins to PLAY. Barbara sways to the music, but Billie and Eleanor aren’t really feeling it.  This makes me miss Jack-and-Jill. Eleanor almost spits out her drink in laughter, thoroughly amused. Billie rolls her eyes at the ballroom music as it swells. Billie goes to the radio and nods to the ATHLETE next to it. She surfs the dial until she finds "Don’t Let Go" by Roy Hamilton. She and Barbara start to dance. Other INTERNATIONAL ATHLETES join in. It’s infectious, even Eleanor does a move or two. The combs Wilma bought gleam as brightly in her hair as does the smile on her face. Wilma’s face falls, her eyes fill with worry. Wilma bites her lip in anticipation. Wilma hangs up and thinks. She faces a difficult decision. The dancing Tigerbelles are at the center of a raucous dance party. Everyone’s having the time of their life until... Ed wades through the gyrating BODIES on the dance floor. Eleanor tugs at Barbara to show her an incoming Ed. Billie doesn’t see a thing, that is until Ed pulls her to the side. Wilma enters from the phone booth. Barbara and Billie glare at Wilma... as does Eleanor. Wilma’s so deep in thought she doesn’t even notice any of this.  looking spick-and-span from head-to-  toe. Move! With final dirty looks to Wilma, the rest of The Tigerbelles leave the banquet hall. Room service breakfast is on the table. Eleanor removes the BIG PINK CURLERS out of her hair, and piles them on the table. Barbara uses HOT CURLERS on Billie’s hair. Wilma enters from the bathroom, freshly showered. Billie goes quiet, but her bitter eye cutting doesn’t. Wilma’s hair is still undone. She looks at the curlers. Eleanor rolls her eyes at Barbara’s comment. Barbara and Billie share a secret sidelong glance. Barbara finishes curling Billie’s hair. She starts to curl her own hair, but at a snail’s pace. Wilma pours herself a bowl of cereal and sits at the table, anxiously eyeing Barbara’s hair in the curlers. Barbara inspects a section of hair. Wilma watches hopefully.  usual for some reason. I don’t  think my hair likes this Mexican  weather. Barbara and Billie sly eye each other. Wilma looks in the mirror, concerned. What’s she going to do? Ed stares at his watch, waiting as Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor come out of the lobby. He looks down the line of Girls, all immaculately groomed. Suddenly, Wilma steps out of the hotel wearing a HEAD SCARF. His eyes broaden. Billie and Barbara smirk with satisfaction. Wilma takes the scarf off and reveals her unkempt hair. Wilma quickly re-ties the scarf under her neck a la Grace Kelly. Meanwhile, Barbara and Billie are enjoying every minute of his explosion. Some REPORTERS approach them. Barbara and Billie primp in preparation. Barbara and Billie step forward, even Eleanor has a slight smile. The Italian Reporter turns to Wilma, ignoring them.  ITALIAN REPORTER Embarrassed, pissed, and pushed aside, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor fall into the background.  Gazzella Nera.’ That’s what we call Ed hesitantly nods for her to go on. Wilma touches her scarf self-consciously as she’s pulled away by Reporters. Barbara and Billie glower; Eleanor’s a little bit jealous. The Tigerbelles take their places around the track for the relay. First Eleanor, then Barbara, followed by Billie, with Wilma running as anchor. They look at the competition. PANAMANIANS, ARGENTINIANS, CANADIANS, all strong-looking athletes. C.B. listens to the RADIO as she organizes boxes of books.  three teams will compete in Rome Ed looks over and sees the CANADIAN and PANAMANIAN COACHES. They meet his gaze with world-class game-faces. BANG! Eleanor bounds from the blocks. Eleanor hands the baton to Barbara who takes off, but not nearly as fast as we’ve seen her go. C.B. stops organizing, drawn in by the race. The Panamanians hand off the baton a split-second before the Tigerbelles. Barbara hands the baton to Billie, who also takes off at less than top speed. Ed’s losing his mind as he crumpling the paper in his hands.  turn of events, the Americans slip  into second and seem to have no  answers for this Panamanian Wilma makes a valiant effort to catch up. She passes FOUR RUNNERS, but isn’t able to make up enough ground to catch 1st or 2nd place. The Tigerbelles place 3rd in a PHOTO FINISH.  secures a place at the Olympic Ed throws his notebook to the ground. C.B. turns the radio off and slumps in a chair. Billie nonchalantly chews gum as Barbara takes off her cleats. Eleanor wipes off sweat as Wilma sits with her head in her hands. Ed towers over them, livid. Billie and Barbara’s scowls finally click for Wilma. Her brow slowly furrows. Wilma gets closer to Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor. Maintaining calm, Ed tries to bring this down to a simmer. Lips pursed, Billie and Barbara stare at Ed like he’s crazy.  ‘Tell the truth, shame the devil.’ Billie cuts her eyes so deep into Eleanor, that she can’t Ed holds up his hands to pause their back and forth. Eleanor swallows hard with her teammates’ eyes on her. Ed stops short... never did this even cross his mind. He turns to Billie and Barbara. They stay silent for a beat then-- Ed shakes his head in disbelief. Wilma’s uncorked and angry. It’s all coming out. Livid, Wilma rushes to pack her things. Wilma slings her bag across her body. Fed up, Wilma’s had enough and finally lets it out. Ed, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor are gut-punched. Regret billows Billie’s once stiffened demeanor.  folks around a track. Wilma storms off upset, leaving them with dropped jaws. Robert gently walks up with Yolanda. Wilma rushes to take Yolanda in his arms. Charlene watches Wilma feel Yolanda’s forehead testing for a fever. Yolanda CRIES as Wilma holds her tightly. Wilma’s touch doesn’t soothe Yolanda, who reaches out for Charlene. Wilma’s heart is breaking. Her tears come pouring. Comforting, Robert lovingly rubs Wilma’s back. Robert parts his mouth to speak, but Charlene puts her hand to halt his words. She’s got this. Wilma pulls the DOLL FROM MEXICO out and gives it to Yolanda. She holds her tight and rocks her, trying to comfort both her baby and herself. Charlene sits next to a massive pile of laundry, scrubbing clothes in a tub by hand. The YOUNG GIRLS help by creating an assembly line that ends at the clothesline. Wilma enters with Yolanda, eyes the laundry. A silent beat off the reality of her family’s work life. Wilma picks up some clothes and starts folding. Wilma grabs the laundry basket and goes inside leaving Charlene at a loss. Ed glances at his watch as he walks toward the track. Only Eleanor is there. Eleanor looks away, not answering. She walks away without making eye contact. Ed looks across at the men’s field. President Davis approaches. Ed stands outside of a window and gazing inside. ED’S POV: C.B. is amongst a group of VOLUNTEER LITERACY WORKERS from her church. CHILDREN sit at tables with books. C.B. is helping one of them with their reading. Ed comes inside, slowly crossing to C.B. There’s distance and tension in the air. He nods in response. He takes a deep breath. C.B. leans against the Merry-Go-Round as Ed paces. He takes a deep breath. There’s truth in these words. Ed absorbs the hard blow. Something hits him. He takes a seat on the nearby swing. C.B. joins him on the swing set. Ed grabs her hand, holds it lovingly. She nods gently stroking his hand. C.B. gives him a warm kiss. They’re on track to heal. C.B.’s wise words land on him. The house is quiet. Wilma wakes up with her Yolanda curled up close. She takes a deep whiff of her sleeping baby’s head. Wilma opens a closet. Inside are the LEG BRACES of various sizes she wore as a child. She picks up a brace and turns it over in her hands, and fingering the scuffs and scrapes. Wilma stares at the PARALLEL BARS her family built years ago. She walks to them. She looks over her shoulder to find Charlene watching her. They lock eyes. Wilma makes the FIGHTER FIST from their childhood. Charlene does it back. Wilma stares out into the open field ahead of her. One step in front of the other... until she picks up speed. Wilma runs slowly at first, then she melds into the green scenery behind her as she pumps her arms faster and her legs carry her away. She is revived. She was born to do this! She stops to catch her breath. She finds a familiar STATION WAGON parked up ahead. Ed sits on the hood. Surprised, Wilma self-consciously pats her hair into place and straightens her clothes. Wilma smiles at his excuse. They look out onto the fields. Ed holds up his hand, he’s not finished. Wilma thinks over his words. She becomes fully aware of why he’s there. Ed turns to leave, but can’t help himself... Wilma chuckles to herself. Ed hops in his car and drives off. The BLACK LABOR DAY PARADE is in full effect. The TENNESSEE STATE UNIVERSITY BAND break into a dance, amping up the CROWD. CHEERLEADERS flip and twirl. An ornate TENNESSEE STATE UNIVERSITY FLOAT rolls by with Jesse and the rest of the FOOTBALL TEAM as the main event. President Davis’s also aboard waving to the Crowd. Meanwhile, a modest CONVERTIBLE carrying a PATHETIC BANNER that simply reads, TIGERBELLES, is transporting Eleanor. Yet, she’s the only Tigerbelle in attendance. IN THE CROWD Barbara stands with the AKAs. She can’t help but to see the TIGERBELLES FLOAT. Eleanor looks downright miserable. A few AKAs snicker about the poor sight. Suddenly, Barbara sprints for the convertible. Barbara leaps into the slow creeping car. Eleanor’s shocked. Eleanor brightens and hugs her. Barbara waves to the Crowd like a beauty queen. They look over into the Crowd and see Wilma waving them over. Barbara and Eleanor make their way through the Crowd of people and floats at the end of the parade. They finally connect with Wilma. Wilma points to a bunch of cheering, enthusiastic YOUNG GIRLS. They’re part of C.B.’s literacy group. Ed and C.B. are amidst the kids. Eleanor and Barbara stand in awe reading the HANDWRITTEN SIGNS the Girls are holding: GO FOR GOLD! TIGERBELLES ARE SWELL! GO TEAM TIGERBELLES!  does? Barbara puts a loving hand on Wilma’s arm. This warms both Barbara and Eleanor’s hearts. A PACK of LITERACY GIRLS holding notebooks and pens follow C.B. Barbara and Eleanor are bombarded with attention. Barbara melts as she signs autographs for them. Eleanor and Wilma throw Barbara a playful glance. A Literacy Girl eagerly watches Eleanor as she signs her notebook. She looks up and catches the eyes of Wilma and Barbara. A LIVE BAND plays for a CROWD in their 30s and 40s. Wilma, Eleanor, and Barbara take in the cool and lively Crowd. Eleanor locks in on the risqué, bluesy LADY SINGER, dressed in a short sleeved button up, trousers, and suspenders, belting out “I Want to Walk You Home” by Fats Domino. They spot Billie holding court at a table with a slick, good- looking OLDER MAN. Billie’s stunned to see them. She shoos the Older Man from the table. Excited by the popping energy, Barbara happily takes a seat. Billie laughs at Wilma’s wisecracking. The Girls soak her words in, seeing her for the first time. They look to Billie, hopeful. Barbara chugs the rest of Billie’s drink. They all, especially Eleanor, stare in shock. Barbara sticks her tongue out at Eleanor. They can’t help but to laugh. Billie’s eyes water. The Girls put their hands one on top of the other in solidarity. The BLUES SINGER begins singing “Finger Poppin Time” by Hank Ballard. Eleanor focuses on the Singer... again. Billie clocks it and leans in to Eleanor. The two stare at each other... a thorough but brief conversation plays out just between their eyes. Billie winks in support. Amends have been made. The Tigerbelles are back. -- B&W NEWS FOOTAGE:  NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O.)  U.S. teams prepare for the Olympics  now just six weeks away. Top ranked  track and field team led by first  time Olympic Coach Ed Temple will -- Ed leads the Tigerbelles through a series of TOUGH DRILLS. The pace is quick, almost militaristic. -- The Tigerbelles do STANDING TRIPLE JUMPS. Each Girl getting distance with each leap. -- He BARKS orders and the Girls respond with no back talk. They’re all on board.  Rudolph a.k.a. ‘The Black Gazelle’  will face tough competition from -- B&W FOOTAGE OF JUTTA HEINE, a statuesque, serious blonde.  NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.O.)  A fierce competitor who holds the -- The Tigerbelles stand in a circle with their backs to one another. They pass a MEDICINE BALL around the bend, increasing speed with each rep. -- The Tigerbelles work on Arm Swing Mechanics: They’re in a two-point stance, moving their arms as if they’re running. Ed nods his approval of them keeping their shoulders back and arms at 90 degrees. Practice has wrapped. Wilma wipes the sweat from her brow. Jesse stands nearby watching. Wilma and Jesse sit at a booth across from each other. Wilma takes a deep breath. She has to say tell him. Jesse’s stunned, but tries to gather himself.  What’s her name? Jesse pulls out a SMALL GIFT wrapped in tissue paper. He hands it to Wilma. She opens it and inside is a beautiful GAZELLE BROOCH. Wilma takes this in, grateful over what feels like a fantasy. which leaves Jesse a tad disappointed. He musters an earnest smile. Relieved, Wilma responds in kind both appreciative of their friendship. Ed and the Tigerbelles weave through the plethora of INTERNATIONAL ATHLETES in the Olympic Village. They crosses paths with the WEST GERMAN TRACK TEAM. The GERMAN COACHES and Ed each exchange polite nods. Wilma and Jutta each size each other up. Their game faces on. Wilma, Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor stand together in front of a mirror doing their hair and makeup. They’re completely in sync as they pass each other brow pencils, hair spray, combs. Their USA uniforms are impeccable. Billie hands Wilma the hair curler. The Tigerbelles share tender looks in the mirror. They’re in this together now. It’s the 100M SEMI-FINALS. Barbara, Billie, Eleanor, and Wilma jump and stretch to keep warm on the sidelines.  top two from each heat will advance  to the final.  of the three events she is running Ed tightly holds his notebook in his hands. He’s got some nerves, but puts on a brave face.  Skeeter, lane 5. Billie, lane 3. Billie and Wilma slap hands as they line up for a 100 heat. BANG! They’re off. Wilma has an quick step out of the blocks.  And Rudolph pulls ahead of the  pack. Rudolph continues to create  space between herself and the rest  of the runners... The LANE 2 RUNNER strains to keep up with Wilma who crosses the finish line in FIRST PLACE. The Lane 2 Runner narrowly edges Billie out. At the finish line, Billie gives Wilma a sincere hug. NEXT HEAT Barbara lines up next to a variety of EUROPEAN RUNNERS, including DOROTHY HYMAN from England. The gun FIRES and... Dorothy sprints to victory. Barbara fights to come in THIRD. She’s disappointed, but Eleanor is there to give her an encouraging pat. There’s a fully-packed, excited CROWD for the track finals. Wilma lines up in LANE 4 next to Dorothy Hyman in LANE 5. Ed and the Tigerbelles watch nervously from the sidelines. Barbara, Eleanor, and Billie join hands in solidarity. BANG! The RUNNERS explode from the blocks. WILMA pulls ahead of the pack... she CROSSES THE FINISH LINE several strides ahead of the closest RUNNER. Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor jump up and CHEER. Ed proudly claps his hands as the Crowd ROARS.  ANNOUNCER 2 (V.O.)  Up next, the 200 meter semi finals. to REVEAL the intimidating JUTTA HEINE practicing her starts with fluid precision. Wilma looks on. Eleanor redirects Wilma’s attention. Eleanor gives Wilma a quick high-five and walks back towards her lane to settle in the blocks.  Germany’s Jutta Heine is the best Wilma begins to peacock Jutta, stretching big, and doing huge jumps, but Jutta doesn’t bite. Instead, Jutta jumps higher and stretches bigger! Shit! Wilma is momentarily unsettled. Wilma settles into the blocks, takes a deep breath. The gun BANGS! Wilma and Jutta jockey for the lead through the turn. With 50 meters to go, Wilma’s long strides create some distance. Wilma LEANS INTO THE TAPE with Jutta a few strides behind. The Crowd CHEERS uproariously.  Incredible! Rudolph not only runs  also sets a second Olympic record! Eleanor comes in FOURTH PLACE, but Wilma is there to give her a congratulatory hug. Ed’s laser-focused as he leans in close to Wilma. A TALL, HANDSOME BLACK U.S. ATHLETE approaches. We recognize him as a young... Ed happily shakes his hand. Cassius nods to Wilma. Wilma chuckles. Ed and Wilma laugh. Wilma and Dorothy Hyman prepare at the starting line. Jutta confidently strides onto the track. Ed eyes her leader... COACH SCHWARZ. The RUNNERS crouch down into their starting blocks. Jutta sneaks a peak at Wilma, but Wilma’s got on blinders... she’s focused straight ahead, looking at the finish line. BANG! Jutta and Wilma both pull away from Dorothy and the rest of the pack. They are neck-and-neck. Wilma leans into the FINISH LINE for a close win.  ANNOUNCER 2 (V.O.)  And Rudolph picks up a second gold  is simply no stopping Rudolph! She  unprecedented 3 track and field The Tigerbelles run to the field to congratulate Wilma. As they prance in celebration, Wilma’s FOOT TURNS in a hidden HOLE in the grass. Everyone goes SILENT. Ed turns his head quickly in horror. CLOSE ON: Wilma’s heavily BRUISED and SWOLLEN ANKLE. (NOTE TO READER: This injury actually happened). She winces in pain as an OLYMPIC DOCTOR examines it. Wilma watches as the Olympic Doctor speaks to Ed privately. Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor stand by Wilma’s side. Ed shuffles back to Wilma as the Doctor moves off. Wilma fights tears as the Tigerbelles console her. Ed hangs his head in sadness. PAN ACROSS Barbara, Billie, and Eleanor... each resting peacefully in bed. Everybody’s sound asleep except for Wilma, who sits up in bed, staring at her ankle. Wilma hobbles into the bathroom. She locks the door and looks at her legs in the mirror. Tears well in her eyes. Outside the window, she glimpses an AMERICAN FLAG rustling in the pre-dawn breeze. She stares at her SWOLLEN ANKLE. Charlene, Robert, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph, Yolanda, and the rest of the Family gather around a brand new black and white TV. It’s really small, but that doesn’t stop them.  ANNOUNCER 1 (V.O.)  The Tigerbelles are now preparing  to take the track for the relay. Charlene moves closer to the screen, squints. Barbara, Eleanor, and Billie surround Ed. Everyone looks unsettled, out of sync, but Ed presses on. All heads turn... it’s Wilma! The Team is stunned. The Girls look to Ed... he nods his approval. Ed swallows hard. The Tigerbelles look up in surprise. He puts his hands in to lead a cheer, but before he can say a word, the Girls take over. Building to a roar of excitement: Wilma’s family gathered around a TV set. Charlene curls Yolanda’s little hand into a fighting fist. C.B., Edwina, Lloyd, and Mama Grace gather around the TV to watch the Tigerbelles take their places around the track for the relay. The ENTIRE STUDENT BODY listens to the broadcast come through the PA system. Jesse and the FOOTBALL TEAM, the AKAs, Wendell and his FRAT BROTHERS... everybody’s here. The BAND plays the TSU FIGHT SONG. President Davis and Mary are there too. Texan Coach Abernathy and his TRACK TEAM anxiously listen to the RADIO. The Tigerbelles take their places around the track. They look to Ed, then at each other. They are ONE. The START GUN GOES OFF! Has a strong start of the blocks. Her head is down and strides are rhythmic. She runs and perfectly passes the baton to Eleanor. The West Germans, Polish, and Soviet Union stay neck and neck with the Tigerbelles. Eleanor’s legs are flashes of lightning. Her breathing is even and she is focused on Billie up ahead. She flawlessly passes the baton to Billie; they are perfectly in sync. The West Germans and Americans gain a slight advantage over the other teams. Takes off, pumping her arms furiously. Her face displays its normal nonchalance, but her body is working in overdrive. She times her pace with Wilma, whose hand is outstretched behind her, impatiently waiting for the baton. The West Germans are closing in. Wilma BOBBLES the baton slightly -- the pass is not clean. Jutta receives the pass with no issue and pulls ahead. Wilma regains control of the baton, and strikes hard with her taped ankle. She winces. Jutta is ahead, but Wilma’s real race is against herself and the too familiar pain in her leg.  ANNOUNCER 2 (V.O.) Suddenly, just like when she was a child... Wilma dig deeps and lets loose a reserve burst of speed! She decidedly PULLS AHEAD of Jutta! WILMA LEANS INTO THE TAPE! VICTORY! The Crowd goes wild.  ANNOUNCER 1 (V.O.)  Rudolph with a final burst of speed Everyone CHEERS, leaping up and down. Robert hugs Yolanda tightly. C.B., Mama Grace, and the Kids parade around joyously. Texan Coach Abernathy and his TRACK TEAM are caught up in celebratory upswell, and happily applaud. Two Texas Teammates high five. The Congregation ROARS. Mrs. Endicott claps primly. The gym ERUPTS. CONFETTI and STREAMERS litter the air. It’s sheer pandemonium. The Tigerbelles, tears of joy streaming down their faces, embrace. Ed stares at them, tears on the brink. To Ed’s surprise, the Tigerbelles pull him into a hug. He celebrates with The Girls... they are truly one! FREEZE FRAME on the Tigerbelles and Ed in triumph. PHOTO MONTAGE OF REAL LIFE TIGERBELLES OVER POST SCRIPT: Billie White went on to become a storied track and field athlete, becoming the first athlete from the U.S. to participate in 5 Olympic games. After her Olympic retirement, she founded an organization for helping inner-city children build self-esteem. She died at age 67 in 2007. Barbara Jones had a successful track and field career that spanned 8 years, earning 335 medals and 56 trophies. She married and had two children with Wendell, and went on to become a Physical Education teacher. Eleanor Williams retired from running after the 1960 Physical Education, and was inducted into the Savannah, GA Hall of Fame in 1968, and the TSU Hall of Fame in 1983. Wilma Rudolph was the first American woman to win three gold medals in track and field at a single Olympics. This record honored with a U.S. Postage Stamp. She died of brain cancer at the age of 54 in 1994. He was the head coach of the US Olympic Women’s Track team in