 Based on the book THE UNBREAKABLE BOY  By Scott M. LeRette with Susy Flory First Draft, rev OVER BLACK - A VOICE. 13 years old. Super enthusiastic. CLOSE ON a beer bottle, SHATTERING ON THE FLOOR. Leather shoes stumble, drunk, over the broken shards. And now we TILT UP to reveal -- SCOTT, 42. The drunk guy who broke the bottle. He eyes a crowd of well-dressed country-clubbers. Staring back at him, uncomfortable. A banner reads: HAPPY NEW YEAR! Scott pushes through guests to the bathroom, trying REAL HARD to look sober. Guess what, he’s failing. Scott stands at the bathroom mirror, squaring off with himself. His speech is slurred. He leans closer. There’s shame behind his eyes. It’s sad. Then he darkens. Before he can answer himself, the door opens and an ELDERLY MAN steps in. Scott straightens. The old man glances at his tie. Is it sweet? He closes the stall to do his business and Scott turns back to himself. He fumbles with the keys, drops them in the sink. Dang it. Scott rejoins the party, searching the crowd. He catches a glimpse of a COLORFUL JESTER’S HAT, floating between people. We finally get a good look at AUSTIN. He’s 13, but seems younger. His face glows with innocence and enthusiasm. He wanders the party, snatching finger food off every passing tray. His little brother LOGAN, 11 right beside him. We notice Austin walks with a bit of a limp. Scott finds his boys in the crowd, grabs them by the hand -- OUTSIDE, he leads them to the car. Austin mimics his dad’s drunken walk, thinks it’s hilarious. CLOSE ON AUSTIN. He fixates on his hat’s colorful pom poms, bouncing with every step. Then Scott trips, falls to the ground. He lays there in the gravel, LAUGHING kind of crazy. Austin LAUGHS, too. But Logan is worried. A PASSING MAN helps Scott to his feet, hands him the keys. Careful, there. Scott throws him a friendly salute, and Austin smiles. AT THE CAR, Scott loads the kids in the back and climbs behind the wheel. Logan is scared, but poor little Austin has no idea the danger he’s in. Scott FIRES UP THE ENGINE and peels out onto the winding road, already swerving. As his car disappears into the night, we hear the countdown to midnight - “5, 4, 3, 2...!!” A YOUNGER SCOTT (29) flips through a rack of pleated khakis. But his eyes are on the sales girl. Scott turns to his best friend JOE, 30. Big, bearded guy. Think Seth Rogen or Zack Galifianakis. Great idea. Scott waves to the girl. She walks over. This is TERESA, 27. Mellow, cool, a little enigmatic. Her eyes really are crystal blue. Even the whites seem blue. It’s incredible. Teresa realizes. Oh, he’s flirting. She sizes him up. He’s kind of goofy, but also kind of sweet. Teresa raises a playful eyebrow, contemplating. Joe shakes his head from where he’s eavesdropping. But Teresa just laughs. All good. Scott quickly folds the receipt. He nods. Touche’. As Scott walks out, Teresa grins. He’s cute. AUSTIN’S VO: A Maitre d’ seats Scott and Teresa at a candlelit table. Scott wears his green khakis and a tie. Teresa is under- dressed. Jeans and a sweatshirt. She whispers, self conscious. LATER, they talk over dinner, hitting it off. Scott lines up the salt and pepper shakers perfectly with the votives. Teresa notices, moves one an inch. He pretends it doesn’t bother him. Then moves it back. She nods. Control freak. Noted. Scott and Teresa sit side by side, playing a shooting game. Teresa kicks ass. Scott is frustrated. She turns to him and fires her last two rounds without even looking at the screen. Nails it. IN THE PHOTO BOOTH. They take a series of pics. The last one Teresa rests her head on Scott’s shoulder. It’s sweet. Scott wears the khakis again. As he walks, he makes sure to take exactly two steps in each sidewalk square. She notices.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 8. Scott grins. He stops walking and turns to her. Teresa glances away, a little self conscious. She meets his gaze. A moment. There’s definitely chemistry here. Scott steps closer. Are they gonna kiss? Scott eyes her, there’s more there. But Teresa turns the attention back on him. Scott LAUGHS. She likes that she makes him laugh. And now they kiss. It’s good. Really good. He does. They kiss more. But before it gets too heavy: Scott sprawls out on his lazy boy, drinking beer, watching TV. Joe’s on the couch. The phone RINGS. * Joe grabs the cordless, checks caller ID. Toldja. He tosses Scott the phone. Scott answers, playful. Her voice sounds off. Scott sits up in the chair. He props himself on his elbow. Waits. Scott jolts like he’s been tasered. He falls out of his chair, hits his head on the desk. Spills beer everywhere. It really hits. He lowers the phone. To himself: Scott and Joe sit on patio chairs by a pit fire. Joe drinks Bud Light from a bottle. Scott taps his feet. Three on the left, three on the right. They both wear green khakis. * Scott rubs his temples. Joe can’t think of what to say, so -- Scott shakes his head. Joe shrugs, grabs himself a fresh one and pops the cap. It overflows - spraying all over his shirt. As Joe recoils from the spill, Austin’s VO interrupts. BACK TO SCENE. Now it’s Scott who recoils from the beer. CUT WIDE to reveal it’s true, THERE IS NO JOE. Just Scott sitting alone, talking to himself, beer all over his shirt. And now Scott sits alone by the fire. Talks to himself. We pan over, and Joe is back. And he has a thought. Scott looks at him. Perking up. He nods, you’re right. Teresa at work. Scott follows her as she folds and straightens clothes. He’s trying to make a point. Teresa stops folding. Sighs. Teresa smiles, she can’t help it. He’s totally sincere, and kind of adorable, and from the look on her face, this is actually what she was hoping he’d say. Scott parks his ‘92 Buick Century before a white two story house, framed by Iowa cornfields. Joe in the passenger seat. And then - CRASH!! SCOTT’S MOM (50s) SMASHES a dish on the kitchen floor. Mom is short and tough. Her home is adorned with strong Catholic influences, which only reinforces the problem. Scott sits at the kitchen table, sheepish, across from his DAD, a quiet, kind, blue collar man. They avoid eye contact as Mom storms out of the room, BREAKS something else. Dad shrugs.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 16.  Warden, she processes through Scott nods. Okay. A charming little apartment complex in small town Iowa. MOVING TRUCK parked outside. Scott and Teresa (now 4 months pregnant) climb out. Stand and look at the apartment together. LATER, Teresa sorts boxes. Scott and Joe wrestle a mattress through the front entrance. Teresa watches him, amused, as he hefts the mattress alone, yelling at himself. What a weirdo. The place is half-unpacked. Some boxes against the walls. Fast food wrappers on the coffee table. Teresa sits on Scott’s lazy boy, playing PLAYSTATION 2. Scott * strums his guitar on the couch. He looks around. She laughs, but seems sad to hear that. She pauses the game -- Teresa gets up, busies herself clearing the dinner wrappers.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 18. Scott follows her into the kitchen. Concerned. Scott doesn’t respond. But she can see it right away. He thinks I’m defective. Teresa tucks her thumbs under her * fingers, making a fist, then squeezes. A nervous habit. * She looks to her belly. Scott can see she feels vulnerable. She wishes he used a better word than “fine”. Scott moves to her. She laughs, grateful. Scott wraps his arms around her. But as we PUSH IN, we see his gaze go far off. FROM THIS -- Teresa SCREAMS, mid-delivery. Scott by her side. Joe is there for moral support. A NURSE frowns at Scott. He waves it off. Then T’s sister LORI (34) runs in, disheveled even in scrubs. * She rushes to Teresa’s other side. Takes her hand. * Scott and Lori shake awkwardly over Teresa’s belly. The nurse * eyes Scott again. * Scott peeks, curious, then goes pale. Turns to Joe. Joe looks, and instantly faints. Hits the floor with a THUD. Everyone SCRAMBLES. The nurse hands him the cold metal instrument. Scott gapes.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 20. Scott locks eyes with Teresa. He nods. And as she SCREAMS again, Austin’s VO comes back -- TERESA’S SCREAM echos over to: BABY AUSTIN. Swaddled in Scott’s arms. Eyes blue as the ocean. Just like his mother’s. PUSH IN ON SCOTT. Filled with wonder. He stares into the face of his son, utterly in love. His world changed. Lori strokes Teresa’s head, whispers to her. The two of them * seem close, as if they’ve endured hard times together. * Scott’s Mom and Dad dote over the baby. FROM THE BED, Teresa watches Scott. Tears running down his face. She smiles. Scott carries Austin to her. She gazes at her son. He is perfect. Then he starts CRYING. Close on BABY AUSTIN’S SCREAMING FACE. ANGLE ON Scott and Teresa, utterly exhausted, staring down into Austin’s crib. He’s still SCREAMING. Scott turns to Joe for help. He’s just as exhausted. And he bails. - SCOTT SLEEPS. Teresa feeds Austin. He pukes, then CRIES. - TERESA SLEEPS. Scott feeds Austin. He pukes, then CRIES. - THEY BOTH SLEEP. From the crib, we hear Austin puke. Then CRY. Teresa shakes Scott.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 22. - IN THE DEN, Teresa plays VAMPIRE NIGHT on PS2, Austin * napping on her belly. She sings ‘You Are My Sunshine’ softly as she plays. Scott smiles. - ON THE COUCH, Scott watches TV, spent. Baby bottle in one hand, beer bottle in the other. Almost feeds Austin the beer. - IN THE BEDROOM, Scott stares into his son’s eyes. Despite everything, so in love. Austin starts CRYING. Scott SIGHS. But the SCREAMING gets louder. It’s unbearable. Scott covers his ears with two throw pillows. Trying not to lose his mind. AT THE FRONT DOOR - Teresa holds a crying SIX MONTH OLD AUSTIN. Scott kisses his head, suitcase in hand. Teresa is not stoked. Scott closes the door behind him. Austin still CRYING inside. Scott take a breathe. Relief. THE SEQUENCE ENDS WITH -- AUSTIN (now 14 months) IN THE FRONT YARD. Taking his first steps. Scott and Teresa CHEER HIM ON. Scott sits at his desk, busy on his laptop. Austin toddles around, carrying a Curious George book, making monkey noises.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 23. She leaves and Scott gets back to work. Behind him, Austin grabs the arm of the rolling chair, pulls himself up. Scott pushes back and Austin loses his grip, falling backwards hard. Scott hears an awful SNAP. He looks down to find Austin on the floor. His leg bent at a 90 degree angle. Austin WAILS. Scott’s face goes white. Scott rushes into the hospital, carrying Austin. The Curious George book duct taped around his leg as a makeshift splint. Scott holds Austin’s hand as they wrap his leg in a cast. Teresa runs in, goes right to Austin. She glares at Scott. Which gives Teresa a sick feeling in her stomach. LATER, they sit with the DOCTOR, Austin has a cast on his leg. He plays with toys, happy as can be. Her eyes fill with tears, heart breaking to think of it. Then the doctor looks to Teresa, hesitates. Teresa’s face falls, worst fears confirmed. She turns on Scott. She collapses into him. As Scott comforts her, Austin stares at the Curious George book on the floor, in his own world. We end on Teresa, looking at AUSTIN’S LITTLE CAST. The furniture is now wrapped with padding. Austin zips through the apartment, cast free, Teresa chasing after. LATER. More running. More chasing. Austin GIGGLES. This kid loves to run. Austin trips. SCREAMS. Arm in a sling, Austin plays with the nurses, making them laugh. Teresa glares at Scott again. Scott and Teresa commiserate as they get ready for bed. Scott digs though boxes. Tax stuff. Joe pours them both wine. Scott gulps his down. Stares at some paperwork, confused. Scott holds up a legal document. CLOSE ON PAPER. The words ‘Teresa Morrison’. Further down, the word ‘DIVORCE’. Scott and Joe look at each other. WTF? Scott paces, a little drunk. Teresa looks ashamed. Tucking * her thumbs under her fingers again. * Scott tries to process this. * Scott paces more. Teresa goes quiet. Bracing for the worst.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 27. Her eyes fill with tears, turning the whites even more blue. Just saying those words seems to send her back. She turns away from Scott, closing off. She wipes her face, trying to be strong. But she looks ashamed, broken. It breaks Scott’s heart. He goes to her. Scott rides a trail on his mountain bike. Joe pedals beside him. His bike is identical to Scott’s. After a beat -- Scott pedals off, leaving Joe behind. Okay. Scott and Teresa lie on the bed. Austin between them. He starts fussing. Scott SHUSHES. Puts a pacifier in his mouth. WE SEE AUSTIN’S POV of Scott, wide angle. His SHUSHING is more like a BUZZING. Loud, assaulting. Austin spits out the pacifier, cries louder. So Scott SHUSHES louder. Then Teresa rests a hand on Austin’s belly. Gently sings. Austin immediately calms, stops crying. His eyes close. WE PUSH IN ON SCOTT, as he watches Teresa. Her voice calms him, too. He smiles. A nostalgic smile, like he just imagined a whole life with this woman, and it’s a good life. Teresa gets up from the bed, gently places sleeping Austin in the crib, then gathers some clothes, a dirty diaper, and carries them from the room. Scott follows. Teresa adds the dirty diaper to the pale, then pulls out the gross full bag. Finally Scott says what’s on his mind. Teresa stops. She shakes her head. Teresa practically rolls her eyes. She carries the diaper bag out to the hallway. He follows. Teresa jams the bag into the trash chute. It gets stuck. She jams the bag harder. Scott steps in, pushing until it falls to the dumpster below.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 30. She struts back into the apartment. Scott looks to Joe. Scott looks. Dang it. SCOTT, in his best suit. Teresa in a wedding dress. We circle around them to reveal -- A LARGE TATTOOED WOMAN stands beside her SCARED HUSBAND. We’re in CITY HALL. Before a JUSTICE OF THE PEACE. Scott and Teresa share a look, try not to laugh. He whispers. The scared husband eyes Scott as he walks out. Good luck. The JUSTICE looks to Scott and Teresa, to their family and friends in the plastic chairs behind them, all dressed nice. SCOTT’S PARENTS hold Austin. Teresa’s sister Lori beside * them, along with a few other friends. And Joe, of course. Scott faces Teresa, takes her hands in his. For the vows. She smiles. Teresa’s eyes glisten. She takes a breath. Scott and Teresa kiss. Friends and family CHEER. Teresa is asleep in bed. Scott sits in the dark, Austin resting in his arms. Scott looks to Joe, end of a long day. Joe nods. From this: TERESA’S PREGNANT BELLY. She stands before a large two story house with a big yard. In the driveway, a shiny red Mustang and a white Ford Taurus. Lori helps unload boxes. She eyes the house and cars. * Once again, Scott and Joe wrestle with a mattress, while * Austin runs around, excited. A cast on his right wrist. Teresa looks to Austin. Austin chases Scott through the house (now fully furnished and moved in) as Scott throws toys and snacks in a bag.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 33. Excited, Austin turns a corner and runs face first into a dresser. He WAILS. Teresa holds her new baby in her arms. Glowing. Until Scott slinks in with Austin. Black eye. Tape across the nose. A CONCERNED NURSE eyes Austin, whispers to another nurse. Something about “...third time this year...” The two women look to Teresa. But she waves them off, used to this. LATER, Austin eyes little LOGAN, swaddled in a blanket in Teresa’s arms. Austin stares at Logan for a long beat, really studying him. Scott frowns. What? Then Teresa realizes. It’s true. The hospital blanket has stripes. Four red, five blue. Scott and Teresa exchange a look. Huh. First night home. Logan sleeps peacefully in his crib. Scott and Teresa stare down at him, amazed. They give each other a silent high five. ONE-YEAR-OLD LOGAN climbs from his crib. Runs to Austin (now 3) and they play together. Logan seems like a normal kid. Austin’s walls are lined with DVD and hat collections, all color-coded. IN EXTREME CLOSE UP, we see him organize action figures in perfect rows. Counting as he goes. In the zone. Then Scott pops in, interrupting. Austin pauses, then sweeps all the toys onto the floor and starts lining them up again. Austin takes a breath. Sweeps them off again. Austin pauses again. Doesn’t look up. Just STARES AT THE TOYS. Teresa step in, intervening. Scott takes a breath. Looks at the large pile of toys, looks at his watch. Sits down, frustrated. As Austin continues. IN MACRO-FOCUS, we watch as Austin lifts a little airplane, as it moves through space, landing perfectly on the shelf. An inch to the right or left would be wrong. Scott SIGHS. Scott and Austin lie on a blanket by the lake, looking up at the giant IOWA SKY. They eat Cheetos and point out clouds. LATER, they run together, flying a paper kite. AUSTIN’S POV, the kite comes to life as a CARTOON DRAGON. He swoops down, breathing paper fire. As he flies by, HE SCOFFS - Auz stops running, getting upset. Scott has no idea why. Scott tries comforting him, but Austin is inconsolable. Austin pushes him away. The moment is ruined. Behind them, the kite falls to the ground. OVER THIS: Scott and Teresa get ready for bed. Teresa eyes him tapping his feet. Joe jumps in. Scott turns on Teresa. Scott feels bad. He softens. She doesn’t have an answer. From this -- A ZOMBIE’S HEAD EXPLODES. Teresa and Scott play PS2. Blasting * an undead army. Teresa dominates, as always. ON THE FLOOR, Austin and Logan watch the Jim Carrey movie The Mask on a DVD player. Austin rubs his eyebrow as he watches. ON SCREEN, Jim Carrey says: “It’s party time! P-A-R-T-Y.” Austin repeats it. Austin rubs his face more. Right palm over left eyebrow. It hurts but he can’t stop. Over and over, more and more manic. He claws at his face. Scott and Teresa run to him. Scott tries holding Austin but he slaps him away. They watch, helpless. Finally Austin stops, face red and bleeding. He lets out a breath, his whole body relaxes. Dad hugs him carefully. Looks to Teresa. Scott and Teresa watch through a window, worried, as a doctor administers tests on Austin. Various puzzles and patterns. Austin is laser focused. Moving pieces around, pointing at objects, etc. OFF THIS: He turns to a DOCTOR watching beside them. ON SCOTT AND TERESA, as they take this in. Teresa sits at the table, head in her hands. Scott paces. He gets up. Scott and Joe sit side by side. Drinking whiskey. Scott is good and drunk. He mumbles, dark... He’s crushed by that thought. Joe pats him on the shoulder. Scott nods, lets out a long, bitter breath. Downs his whiskey. Teresa is getting everyone out the door. Scott is hung over. Scott relents. Totally bummed. Congregants file in. Scott holds Austin’s hand, Teresa carries Logan. Teresa checks Logan’s pants. Scott SIGHS. I got it. Scott has Logan laid out on the bathroom floor, changing his diaper. IN A STALL, Austin FLUSHES. He bursts from the stall without pants on. Just a pull-up diaper, half hanging off. He goes for the door. But Austin just runs in circles, chanting -- A MAN STEPS from another stall. Finds Austin half-naked running in crazy circles, Scott and Logan on the floor. He walks out, shuts the door behind him. Auz reaches for the knob. Scott eyes him. But Auz just grins, twists the knob and bolts out. Scott panics. What do I do?? He grabs Logan, covers his naked butt with a paper towel, runs after Austin. Scott runs into the hall, naked Logan in hand. He spots Auz about to turn a corner to the foyer, where EVERYONE CHATTERS. Scott glares at Austin. Don’t you dare. Auz looks right back at him. Eyes bright, blue and full of life and joy. In this moment, time seems to stand still, and they connect. Then Auz flashes a mischievous smile, and bolts. Scott chases. IN THE FOYER, Scott runs around the corner.... He skids to a stop, sweating, naked baby in his hands. Austin stands before a group of parishioners, no pants, diaper on backwards. Everyone stares. Teresa’s sister Lori CRACKS UP. * Scott’s face goes red. WE HOLD ON THIS.  laughing WITH him. In the crowd, Teresa turns, sees her boys. She shakes her head. Steps to Austin, takes his hand. Then introduces Scott to the man she’s talking to. It’s the man from the bathroom. Rick just laughs, pats him on the arm. Scott narrows his eyes at Austin. You won this time. Auz just grins back, innocent. OVER THIS: “Haaappy birthday to you...” Austin sits before a cake with a giant SpongeBob candle in the shape of a 5. Scott, Teresa and Logan (3) SING TO HIM. WE PUSH IN on the ‘5’ candle. CLOSE ON SCOTT, singing. He looks generally happy. But with that slight malaise of young parenthood. Austin blows out the candle. From this -- WE PAN ACROSS A SERIES OF CASTS AND BRACES, lined up in Austin’s room like trophies. 12-YEAR OLD AUSTIN yells to his parents in the kitchen. Dad eats a sandwich. Looks to Teresa. THE THREE OF THEM EXIT THE HOSPITAL TOGETHER IN SLO MO. Auz in a wheelchair, Dad in a sling, Mom with crutches. We push in on AUSTIN, NOW 13, same age as the opening scene. Hectic morning. Austin scurries around the kitchen, opening cabinets. LOGAN is 11, athletic, but small for his age. Teresa hurries into the kitchen. She stops. All the kitchen cabinets are open. Dozens of cups and mugs and glasses scattered all over the counters. Austin wears new school clothes. Bright green pants, red striped shirt. A tie. All very over-the-top. Perfect. Austin freezes. His face goes white and he runs to his room. Scott pops his head in. Finds Austin sitting on the bed, sobbing. Inconsolable. Clutching his pet lizard, MARTY. Scott realizes, tries not to laugh. Takes Austin in his arms. Austin catches his breath. Wipes his nose over and over. Nods. Scott takes the lizard, places him in his terrarium. Austin perks up, looks to his wall of hats. CUT TO: Austin in the passenger seat, Jester hat flapping in the window. Dad drives, Logan in the back. Austin is pumped. School BUZZES with first day energy. Scott pulls up and Austin bounds from the car. Scott eyes his hat, concerned. Scott looks to Logan. As Logan takes Austin by the hand, UPBEAT MUSIC KICKS IN -- Austin rushes through the hallway in his big colorful hat, greeting and hugging everyone. Some kids give him looks and * avoid him, but most of them light up. “Auz Man!!!” “How was * your summer? Missed you, pal!” When the bell rings he’s * hugging the last remaining kid in the hallway. * AT LUNCH, Austin selects his food, a la carte. The best! He goes on and on about it to everyone around him. But the kid in front of him is not charmed. This is TYLER, 14. Big for middle school. Tall and athletic. A bully. FROM ACROSS THE CAFETERIA, Logan watches, concerned. As Austin tags along Tyler and his buddies. They’re clearly laughing at him, flicking his hat. Logan steps over. Logan steps to Tyler. Tyler nods to his buddies. His friends crack up. Logan wants to punch this kid, but Tyler is twice his size. So he takes Austin’s hand. Austin doubles back and bearhugs Tyler. Logan and Austin walk off, hand in hand. The poor bully doesn’t know what to do. EXTREME CLOSE ON A ZIPPER. Zipping. Unzipping. Austin stares. Each tooth CLICKING. The sound, the texture. ZIP, ZIPP, ZIPPP WIDER, we see Austin at his desk. A girl in front of him fiddles with her jacket zipper. The teacher drones on, Austin hears none of it. All he sees and hears is: ZIP, ZIPP, ZIPPP. The ZIPPING finally stops. Austin snaps out of it. Looks up. Everyone stares at him, including TYLER, who snickers.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 48. The class LAUGHS. Good joke. Austin laughs too, but doesn’t understand why. Then he looks right back to the ZIPPER. Scott picks them up outside school. Austin seems happy, which is a relief. Scott looks to Logan, checking in. Logan gives Dad a reassuring nod. Scott and Teresa prep dinner together. An old Huey Lewis and * the News song plays on the radio. * They high five. Teresa grooves to the music, enjoying a moment of peace. Then Austin enters like a whirlwind. He paces, rattling on. It’s exhausting. JOE HIDES IN THE CORNER, wearing giant noise reduction headphones. As he talks, Scott and Teresa look to each other. They’re gonna lose their minds. Teresa mumbles... They quickly do Rock-Paper-Scissors. Scott loses. Damn. Finally Austin stops, intrigued. Dad raises an eyebrow. Austin’s eyes light up. FROM THIS: Austin is FLYING. He sails through the air like a super hero, backlit by the orange afternoon sun. Jester hat fluttering. Then Scott flies beside him. No wires, no tricks, these guys are flying! And to make it even cooler, A SUPER HERO THEME PLAYS. It’s magical, and AUSTIN’S FACE BEAMS with pure joy.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50. Just as we’re wondering what the heck is going on here, WE CUT TO REALITY. Which is -- They’re on swings. Logan pushes Austin and Scott, one at a time. Higher and higher. Austin is LOVING IT. Then Logan pushes Scott really hard and runs under his swing. He doubles back and does it again. BACK TO FLYING FANTASY. Scott soars through the air again. He looks over to Austin. But it’s Logan flying beside him now. Scott grins, then hesitates. Something isn’t right. As Scott realizes, the fantasy crumbles. BACK TO REALITY. Austin pushes Scott now. As Scott’s swing goes high, Austin tries to run under him like Logan did. But-- Austin isn’t fast enough, and Scott swings back down, SMASHING into Austin’s little body like a freight train. There’s a THUD, then a horrible CRACK. Scott lands on top of Austin with his full weight. Austin is already BAWLING, his mouth wide open but no sound coming out. Scott looks down with horror at Austin’s twisted body. Austin stares back at him, in shock. Logan stands frozen. He knows it’s bad. Scott yells to him. Logan snaps out of it. Sprints off. Scott cradles Austin in his arms. The Jester hat now crushed beneath his little body. But his eyes betray him. He’s terrified. IN A FEW HORRIBLE FLASHES, we see AUSTIN’S POV, DREAMLIKE: - PARAMEDICS LEAN OVER HIM, loading him onto a stretcher. - IN AN AMBULANCE, Scott covers his face, stifling sobs. - ROLLING THROUGH A HOSPITAL. Teresa and Scott run alongside. Teresa’s eyes wild with fear. She yells at Scott. - As the stretcher pushes through double doors to the ER, Scott collapses to the hallway floor in tears. Teresa kneels alone in the chapel. Praying desperately. Scott steps in, his face all shame. He sits beside her. Doesn’t know what to do or say. Teresa feels his presence. She turns on him. She storms out. Leaving Joe alone. Well, alone with Joe, who now sits beside him. After a long, awkward silence. Scott nods, wanting to believe that. A beat. Austin runs into the waiting room in a custom-made carbon fiber sleeveless upper body cast. Like a bullet-proof vest. It’s pretty cool. Teresa rushes to him, relieved. Austin’s cast is already signed by all the hospital staff. And there’s a giant Batman symbol drawn on the chest. Austin pulls him by the collar. Face to face. Scott and the nurses LAUGH. But Teresa is still reeling. Scott zips up his suitcase, grabs his jacket. Teresa follows him to the front door. He stops, looks at her. Seriously? But it doesn’t feel that way. CLOSE ON SCOTT’S FEET, tapping. His work colleague MILES plops in the seat beside him. Coffee in hand. Scott is already buzzed, working on three mini vodkas. Miles helps him out. He offers Miles a vodka. Miles holds up his coffee. Scott shrugs, downs it himself. Miles eyes him, a bit concerned. Teresa walks the house, picking up laundry. Clearing messy counter tops, toys, dishes. It’s unending. IN HER ROOM, she straightens a large collection of Beanie Babies. Opens UPS packages: new clothes, makeup, Air Jordans. Austin runs in, stoked. Grabs them, runs out. Mom just shrugs. IN THE DEN, she sorts mail. Opens a drawer, adds bills to a large stack. Some OVERDUE. She closes the drawer. Sits alone for a long beat. Exhales. Depressed. Finally she gets up. Clicks on the stereo. Finds a hard rock station. Aerosmith. YES! She CRANKS IT UP. Starts dancing * alone. Like a teenager at a club. Blowing off steam. Austin runs in, wearing his new sneakers. And his hat. He joins her, excited. He’s not letting his body cast slow him down a bit. They dance together. Crazy, silly dancing. It’s cathartic. Then Logan storms in, annoyed. They freeze, busted. Logan leaves. Then Teresa starts dancing again, without the music. Austin is right there with her. Teresa sits up in bed, on her laptop. Online shopping. She clicks BUY on a $100 Beanie Baby. SIGHS. Closes the laptop. Opens it. Adds another one to the cart. Closes it again. SIGHS again. Then clicks off the light and goes to sleep. Scott and Miles hang at a hotel bar. Miles finishes a beer. He pats Scott on the shoulder and heads to the elevator. Scott turns to find JOE STANDING BESIDE HIM. Scott grins. AT THE ELEVATOR, Miles gives one more look back at Scott. Clearly worried. WE PUSH IN ON SCOTT. His eyes blurry, his * face slack. He takes another drink. Over this: Scott pours himself WINE. He’s home now. Teresa paces, upset. She eyes his glass of wine. Scott rises, annoyed. He walks out. Taking his wine with him. Then, Austin’s VO: Scott mows the lawn. Austin tracks with him -- TALKING. Scott just stares forward, tuning him out. Teresa unpacks large boxes of makeup products onto basement shelves. Austin stacks them all perfectly. One by one. So Austin talks her ear off, too. HALLOWEEN. Scott and family trick or treat. Austin is dressed as the IRON GIANT, his body cast painted silver. Logan is a BASKETBALL STAR, Teresa is LARA CROFT. As they knock on doors, Scott sits on a curb in a UNICORN ONESIE. Joe beside him, as Tyler Durden from Fight Club. He pulls out a flask from his unicorn pocket. Takes a swig. Joe points to the kids, collecting candy, having a blast.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 58. He takes another swig. Joe eyes the flask. Joe flicks his unicorn horn. Austin runs over, GIDDY, his candy bag stuffed. Scott quickly stashes his flask and smiles. From this, A BULLHORN BLAST: Middle School basketball game. Scattered crowd. HALFTIME MUSIC PLAYS. Logan sits with his teammates, including TYLER. * BY THE BLEACHERS, Austin wears the mascot TIGER COSTUME. Dad holds the head for him as Austin fiddles with the velcro in the back. Nervous. He helps put the head on, and Austin runs out. ON THE COURT - Austin dances for the crowd. Having a blast. But he can’t stop fiddling with the velcro, and it looks like he’s doing some weird butt dance. The crowd CRACKS UP. But he’s not trying to be funny. On the bleachers, Tyler and his * buddies chuckle. Logan sees, but looks away, embarrassed. * AUSTIN POV, INSIDE THE HEAD -- People laughing. Pointing. CHEERING. It’s SO LOUD. They look distorted. Scary, even.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 59. Auz suddenly stops, mid-dance. Then walks to the bench and sits, head down. Music still plays, but the court is empty. People CHEER for him anyway, but when Austin takes the head off, we see tears in his eyes. No one else notices. But Scott does. He pushes through the crowd and sits beside Austin. Austin looks around more. Processing that. Scott gets up, puts the head on and prances out. Doing Austin’s silly dance. People start to clap. Scott grins at Austin. Come on! And Austin finally runs out to join him. And they dance together. Scott wearing the head, Austin wearing the body. THE MUSIC ENDS and Scott beams at Austin. He opens his arms for a hug, but Austin just squints back at him, curious. Then - And he bounds off. Scott shakes his head. Disappointed. Not the moment he was hoping for. Austin and Logan wait for Scott to pull up the car. Logan pulls Austin along on his skateboard, teaching him to balance. Suddenly Austin stops, looks at Logan. Logan pauses, surprised by the question. He thinks. Tyler approaches, grinning sarcastically. But Logan pulls Tyler aside. Tyler steps close, gets in Logan’s face. Logan doesn’t back down. But A CAR HORN breaks the moment. Tyler SCOFFS, walks away. As Logan and Auz climb in the car, Dad eyes Logan, aware. Scott parks in the driveway. He jams burger wrappers into a fast food bag as Logan and Austin file out -- As they enter the house, Scott looks to the curb. Frowns.  SCOTT (PRE-LAP)  Where are the bins? Scott quickly stuffs the wrappers in the kitchen trash. Turns to Teresa, hoping he’s not busted. Teresa hesitates. She’s the one who looks busted. Off Scott’s VERY confused face, WE CUT TO: A PILE OF UNPAID BILLS drops on the table. Scott pours himself a full glass of wine, angry.  “bean bag babies!” AUSTIN WATCHES THEM from the other room, curious. Scott gulps down his wine, refills the glass. Scott suddenly throws his wine glass against the kitchen wall. It EXPLODES, spraying red wine and glass everywhere. Teresa SCREAMS. ANGLE ON AUSTIN, standing in the doorway. She runs to Austin. Studies his face, worried that he’s scared. He has an odd look, like he wants to say something. Austin shuffles from the room. Scott looks from the broken * glass to the bills. Lowers his voice. * Teresa nods, starts cleaning up the mess. Scott sighs, * feeling bad. He joins her. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 64. Scott sits at his desk, a stack of paperwork in front of him. Phone to his ear. He waits, annoyed, as it RINGS and RINGS. Scott rubs his temples, thinking. Then he hangs up the phone and grabs his keys, determined. SCOTT’S CAR pulls into a spot at a strip mall. He turns to the kids in the back. Scott and Teresa jump from the car. They climb stairs, find an office marked “Fast and Friendly Mortgage/Debt Relief”. Scott tries the door. Locked. Blinds are closed, but still swinging, like they were JUST closed. Teresa points. A guy in a cheap suit sneaks down a set of back stairs. They run after him. The guy climbs into a brown Lincoln Town Car and takes off. Scott and Teresa jump back in. Scott guns it. AS HE RACES AFTER LYLE’S CAR, WE STAY ON AUSTIN’S FACE IN THE BACK SEAT. The wind whips his hair, his eyes take in the cars blurring by, FASTER AND FASTER. Over this shot, we hear: Finally the car slows. We pan to Dad, who looks back. Logan looks rattled. But Austin is GRINNING ear to ear. A beat. And Teresa starts LAUGHING. Then Scott. The whole thing is ridiculous. CLOSE ON AUSTIN, happy as can be. A FORECLOSURE SIGN in the lawn. A YARD SALE underway. Scott and Teresa sit in folding chairs as strangers pick through their belongings. Scott sips a beer, bitter, as someone eyes his mountain bike. A much smaller house in a much less desirable neighborhood. A FOR RENT SIGN still pokes out from unraked leaves. Teresa and the kids unload boxes from the cars. Scott carries a mattress alone. Joe tries to help. THANKSGIVING. Scott’s parents arrive, and Austin throws his arms around them, no longer in his body cast. Scott’s father glances around. The living room is tiny. With old carpeting. Boxes still stacked against wall. AT THE TABLE, they all sit together. Ready to eat. Sharing what they’re thankful for. She looks to Scott, trying to have a moment. But he’s already halfway through a glass of wine. Not feeling it. He raises * his glass. In the driveway, Logan shows off skateboard tricks for Austin. Scott sits with his Dad on the front steps, drinking a beer. Scott scoffs. Please. Dad pats him on the shoulder, gets up to leave. He stops in the doorway. Nods to Austin and Logan, LAUGHING in the yard. Teresa cleans up the kitchen by herself. Austin comes through, looking in cabinets, under the table. Teresa mutters under her breath. In the closet, only half-unpacked. Scott sits alone, hiding. Drinking. Eyes far off. Teresa brushes her teeth. Scott stumbles in, drunk. Collapses on the bed. Out cold. Teresa shakes her head with disgust. Scott steps into the kitchen. Still blurry. Teresa stands at * the sink. Doesn’t turn around. Tucks her thumbs into her * fists, fidgeting. * Then he notices a bunch of booze bottles on the counter. Teresa’s pouring them all out. She stops, flexes her hands. Turns to face him, with resolve. * Scott takes a moment with that. Looks at her, at the bottles. She sets a bottle down. Okay. She sweeps all the bottles into a trash bag. And she walks from the room. Scott just stands there holding a bag of his empty booze bottles in his hand. Scott and Joe putt the 8th hole. Lush, rolling hills all around. It’s cold, but they don’t care. Scott putts. Misses. Scott putts again. Misses again. Dang it. It’s late. Scott comes in quietly. Teresa is already in bed, turned toward the wall. Asleep? He watches her for a moment. Like he hasn’t seen her in a while. He gently eases into bed, not wanting to disturb her. Lays on his side, breathing with her. After a moment, she reaches her hand back. Puts it on his. He takes it, and they lay like that. Together but apart. Christmas season has begun. Lockers are decorated. Austin * runs through the halls, wearing the tiger mascot costume. * Hugs and high fives, everyone smiles, happy to see him. * Austin bounds into class. He spots Tyler and sits beside him. Tyler ignores him. But Austin doesn’t get the hint.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 71. As the teacher starts in with class, Tyler looks to his buddy and mouths “watch this”. Austin looks at him, doesn’t understand. Tyler leans close. -- and launches right into Jack Nicholson’s speech. But Austin can’t stop himself, and Tyler knows it. But Austin keeps rattling it off. Tyler and his buddy stifle LAUGHTER. But the other kids feel bad for him. * The teacher shakes Austin’s shoulder, and he JOLTS, rubs his eyebrow, talking faster. He has to finish. A NICE GIRL volunteers. Calmly helps Austin to the door. Shooting Tyler a look. Austin claws at his face as he goes, in full meltdown mode. It’s really sad. Even Tyler looks like he feels bad. Classmates call out to Auz as he goes. ”You’re * okay, Auz man.” “We love you, dude.” FROM THIS: * Teresa paces the house. Whispers into the phone, distraught. She peeks in on Austin, who sits on his bed, obsessively re- sorting his shoelace collection. She hangs up, and we CUT TO SCOTT. He’s in: A local dive bar, glass of Scotch in hand. Alone, this time. No sign of Joe. He hangs up his cell, looking guilty. Scott, Teresa and Austin follow an UNINSPIRED TEACHER to a pre-fab trailer in the back of school property. They enter the trailer, skeptical, to find -- A HECTIC, CHAOTIC classroom, filled with a mix of kids, some with obvious disabilities, others with behavior and discipline problems. The vibe is very bad. Austin looks to his mom. Fidgeting. Teresa doesn’t know what to say. On the verge of tears. Scott tries to be encouraging. It breaks their heart, but they hug Austin and walk out. Austin stands alone, scared. LATER. A fight breaks out between two kids. The teacher tries to break it up, gets pushed backwards against a desk. Austin cowers in the corner, clawing at his face, whimpering. Dinner. Austin sits at the table, dark. Mom scoops potatoes on everyone’s plates. Austin pushes the spoon away. Logan spits his milk. Scott and Teresa are shocked. Teresa steps toward him and Austin WHIPS HIS GLASS AT HER, hitting her square in the forehead with an awful THUNK. Teresa stumbles back, stunned. Blood already flowing. Scott jumps up, shocked, and runs to Austin, who pushes his chair back, kicking and punching, going berserk. Logan tries to help, but Austin grips his brother by the throat and starts choking him. Logan struggles, fighting to free himself, his face turning beet red. Scott tries to pry his hands off, but Austin flails and SCREECHES, his eyes going black like he’s possessed. Teresa rushes over. It takes both of them, but Austin finally releases his grip and Logan GASPS for air. Austin goes limp, panting and crying. He whimpers to himself. Teresa wipes the blood from her head. They all look to each other, reeling. What just happened?? From this, the BUZZING OF AN ELEVATOR -- Revealing the sterile lobby of a psychiatric ward. Armed guards stand before a large vault-like door. Scott and Teresa escort Austin in. Still in shock. Scott fills out paperwork as Teresa tries to soothe Austin. He’s still agitated, so two nurses hold him down and give him a shot. Finally his body goes slack and his eyes stare off. A KIND-FACED DOCTOR emerges and speaks to Scott and Teresa. They listen, through a fog. Then a HORRIBLE GRINDING NOISE as the vault door slides open. Two orderlies take Austin by either arm and lead him away. Teresa and Scott try to follow, but the guard stops them. They watch, helpless, as Austin looks back, confused. Why aren’t you coming with me? Austin’s face crumples up into abject terror, and he BURSTS INTO TEARS. Then the door slowly swings shut, sealing them off from their boy. Teresa collapses to the floor. She SOBS, her back pressed against the vault door, as close to Austin as she can get. In a daze, Teresa, Scott and Logan decorate the house for Christmas. They hang ornaments on a little tree. CLOSE ON TERESA. Her eyes empty. Austin lies in a cot. Curled up, scared. Teresa climbs into her Mustang with a small bag of groceries. She sits, trying to breathe, trying to hold it together. Then she starts the car and pulls away. Lying in the dark, Austin starts singing to himself, soft and quiet. Like Mom would do. Teresa speeds along dark, winding roads, eyes blurred with tears. OVER THIS, Austin’s voice continues: Teresa drives faster and faster. She POUNDS the steering wheel, unleashing bottled up rage. Then, in total desperation, SHE CLOSES HER EYES AND LETS GO OF THE WHEEL. Time slows down. All sound fades away, except Austin singing. CLOSE ON TERESA’S FACE. Wet with tears. Eyes clenched shut. FROM THIS, WE SEE FLASHES. MEMORIES: BABY AUSTIN in Teresa’s arms. Teresa doing dishes, 2 YEAR-OLD AUSTIN plays on the floor. AUSTIN AT 5, Teresa sings to him at bedtime. Her voice blending with his in a haunting duet. MORE FLASHES. Playing, crying, laughing. Scott with his guitar, adding to the song. Connecting them all. BACK TO TERESA’S FACE. Eyes still closed. THEN TO THE ROAD. The car races for a drop off. A FINAL FLASH. 5-year old Austin. Giggling. The tires hit the grooved edge of the pavement - BBBBBRRRRZZZZT! - and snaps Teresa back to reality. THE MUSIC CUTS OUT, replaced by SQUEELING, as Teresa slams on the brakes and cranks the wheel. The Mustang spins 360°, leaving a trail of black rubber. It finally skids to a stop, inches from the edge. INSIDE THE CAR, Teresa sits in silent shock. What did I just do? Then she puts her head in her hands and cries. Over this: TERESA’S CHURCH FRIENDS, LORI and PREACHER RICK gather around * Teresa in the living room. Lori squeezes Teresa’s hand. * Teresa nods, grateful. But still overwhelmed. She bows her head.... Scott and Joe watch from the doorway, super skeptical. AFTERWARD, Rick spots Scott on his way out. Rick nods, unfazed. With that, Scott struts away. Joe chases after him. The vault door BUZZES open and the DOCTOR leads Scott and Teresa into a community room. THEY SEE -- Austin at a table, putting on a puppet show for a collection of patients. All of them smiling. Austin sees his parents and runs to them. Huge hugs. His eyes are clear, he looks bright and happy. And before they can answer, Austin starts introducing them to his new friends. Mom and Dad just smile, baffled as always. Scott, Teresa and Austin wait in line to order. Special treat on the way home. Austin taps the man in front of him. The man takes all that in. Scott just shrugs. That’s my son. AT THE TABLE, Scott and Teresa watch as Auz digs in, MOANING with delight at everything he eats. Fully in the moment. Then, without warning, he looks up at them. Matter of fact. And that’s that. They all open presents. Happy to be back together. Austin holds his lizard MARTY, who wears a tiny Santa hat. The tree is small, and the gifts are, too. Logan opens one. It’s a NEW SKATEBOARD. He lights up. Austin rips open a present. A neon green bowtie. And he means it. THAT NIGHT, Scott settles onto the couch beside Teresa. A moment alone. He hands her an eggnog. CLINKS her glass. A long beat. A FLYER slams down on the table. CHURCH CAMPING TRIP. Scott eyes the FLYER, skeptical. Scott hesitates. Austin can tell he’s got him on the hook. Austin leans in harder now. Super earnest. Closing the deal. Scott SIGHS. Looks to Teresa. She shrugs. 5am. Scott and Teresa wake up to Austin jumping on the bed. Scott exhales, bleary. Are you kidding me right now? And he runs out of the room. Scott looks to Teresa. Scott and the kids are dressed up and ready for New Years. Austin grabs his Jester hat. Mom lies on the couch in sweats, not happy. She whispers to Scott. She shakes her head. Whatever. Then she smiles for the kids. Austin gives her a quick kiss, bounds out the door. Scott avoids her gaze. Shuts the door, annoyed. Scott pulls his white Taurus into the Country Club valet. They walk under a fancy archway to find a patio party in full swing. A banner reads: HAPPY NEW YEAR! Austin goes right for the food trays. Scott goes right for the bar. WE’VE NOW REACHED THE OPENING SCENE. LATER, Scott makes small talk with some friends. Already sloppy, talking too close. His parents are there. They say goodnight early, and his Dad leans close. He takes the drink from Scott’s hand as they leave. Scott immediately grabs another one from a passing tray. FIREWORKS EXPLODE IN THE SKY. Everyone OOH and AWWs. Austin stares, transfixed. Scott’s PHONE BUZZES. A text from Teresa. “It’s 11, you on your way?” But he’s too far gone. He pops open a custom beer bottle with a rubber stopper. Fancy. Then he joins his kids on the dance floor. Stumbling in sloppy circles, flailing his arms. Beer in hand. It’s not charming. It’s embarrassing. Logan looks concerned, Austin thinks it’s funny. He dances just as silly. Then Scott gets dizzy and drops the bottle. It SHATTERS on the floor. Ooops. Scott stumbles in - propped up by Joe. Joe pushes him against the sinks. Scott slaps him away, slurring. And they have the fight we first saw as Scott talking to himself. Scott glares back, defiant. But there’s shame behind his eyes. Before Joe can answer, the door opens and an ELDERLY MAN steps in. Scott straightens. The old man frowns, goes into a stall. Scott turns back. He takes out his keys, but Joe grabs them. No way. They struggle over the keys. He reaches for the keys, but Joe pulls them away again. Scott throws him against the wall. Angry. He grabs the keys and heads for the door. Turns around. And he storms out. Joe stands there, like he really wants to follow, but physically can’t. Then the toilet FLUSHES. The old man peeks from stall door. Scott grabs the kids and heads for the parking lot, Austin’s Jester hat bouncing as they go. Joe stands in the crowd, WATCHING THROUGH THE WINDOW, sad, as Scott leads his children to the car. WE SEE IT PLAY OUT FROM JOE’S POV. And this time it’s not funny at all. As Scott falls to the ground, so drunk he can‘t stand up. As the other man hands him his keys. As Austin giggles, clueless, and Logan cries. Scared to death. AS THE CAR DRIVES OFF, the crowd counts down to midnight. “Five, four, three, two, one....” SILENCE. For a long beat. THEN, from the darkness -- BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT. And WATER. Cascading down in SUPER SLO MOTION. It’s beautiful. Cleansing. Serene. And we SMASH CUT INTO: A pitcher of cold water dumps on Scott. He bolts up in bed, GASPING. Soaking wet. Still in last night’s clothes. He looks up through swollen eyes and sees: TERESA, standing over him. Furious. Scott is bleary, confused. No idea what’s happening. He squints, trying to put it together. Suddenly he jumps up - He rushes to the window -- THE CAR IS ON THE LAWN. Crashed through their fence. His brain spins. What did I do?? Scott stumbles from the house, past his wrecked car. He pauses to try to straighten a splintered fence post. Then gives up and walks off down the street, alone. Scott’s Mom and Dad stand at the front door as Scott climbs the porch, ashamed. Scott sits across from them. Head down. Scott finally glances at his mother. Knows she’s angry. Mom picks up a plate. Here we go. But instead of smashing it, she hands it to Scott. He hesitates, but she’s not messing around. He shrugs, throws the plate to the floor. It BREAKS into pieces. She points. Scott nods, eyes filling. Then Mom wraps her arms around him. She slaps his face hard. Scott flinches, Hey! Looks to Dad. Scott sits in the back of an AA meeting, head low, just listening, as they all read together. Scott walks beside a long, frosted field. Alone. Scott plays at the park with Austin and Logan. Austin doesn’t understand. But Logan does. And Scott can barely make eye contact with him. Teresa sits with Austin at the table. Home schooling him. Austin SIGHS, turns back to his book. OFF THIS, we hear MACHINE GUN FIRE. Teresa and Lori play CALL OF DUTY on Xbox. Both of them * BLASTING ENEMY SOLDIERS as they chat.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 90. Lori lowers her controller. * She fires a ROCKET LAUNCHER, blows up a building. YES. Lori LAUGHS. Logan rolls up to school on his new SKATEBOARD. As he kicks up the board, it’s snatched away from behind. He turns. He starts to walk away. Logan grabs the board. Tyler spins around, pushes Logan hard. Logan stumbles back, then charges Tyler, pissed. But Tyler is too big for him. He absorbs the momentum, then punches Logan square in the face. Knocks him to the ground. Logan isn’t done. He charges Tyler, tackling him. Then unleashes, swinging wildly. His punches barely connect, but it’s enough to freak Tyler out. He pushes Logan off. By now students have gathered. A TEACHER rushes over. She looks to Logan, surprised. The teacher turns to Tyler. He shrugs, hands the board over. He walks off, trying to be play it cool. But he’s rattled. Teresa puts ice on Logan’s swollen eye. Austin is upset. Logan frowns, struck. Then the front door opens and Scott rushes in, already worked up. Sees Logan’s black eye. Logan stops him. Logan sits across from Teresa and the Principal, ILENE. Logan nods, and ILENE opens the door. The TEACHER who broke up the fight leads Tyler in. He sees Logan and stops. Logan holds out a large gift, wrapped in Christmas paper. Tyler eyes him and all these adults, wary. Tyler hesitates, then carefully opens the gift. It’s Logan’s new skateboard. Tyler looks to him. WTF?? Tyler stares at him, his face unreadable. Logan fumbles. Tyler’s face goes red. Looks like he’s going to be angry, but instead tears well in his eyes. Tyler lowers his head. After a beat, he nods. And tears fall. From Logan, too. AND FROM TERESA, who couldn’t be more proud of her boy. Another day, another meeting. Partway through, Scott looks up and recognizes someone in the group. It’s Preacher Rick. AFTERWARD, Scott approaches him. First time he’s actually said it. Rick pats his back. Logan grabs his backpack, ready for school. He looks to Austin, sitting at the dining room table, ready for home schooling. His lizard Marty is his only classmate. It’s sad. Mom sees Logans’s face. He nods, thinking. Then gives her a quick kiss and heads out. Logan carries his tray. He spots a group of kids huddled, * whispering and giggling. Hears the word “Austin”, then one of * the kids sees him and they all go quiet. Logan struts over. * They all turn, revealing TYLER. Logan eyes him. * But they’re hiding something. Tyler gives Logan a reassuring * look. It’s cool, promise. Then waves the other kids off. He * nods for Logan to join him, offers his brownie as a peace * offering. Wary, Logan accepts. Then sits with Tyler for lunch. * Scott and Teresa meet in the school’s front entrance. Teresa shakes her head. No idea. As they walk down the hall --  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 95.  PRINCIPAL (PRE-LAP) The principal ILENE sits across from them. They’re both wary. Ilene nods. After a beat. She slides a stack of loose leaf paper across the desk. Pages and pages of signatures. Scott and Teresa flip through the pages, in shock. From this -- CHEERING. A school rally. Ilene stands before the whole student body. Austin runs out in the tiger costume and everyone FREAKS OUT. MUSIC PLAYS and Austin does his famous Tiger dance. Tyler and Logan run up to join him. Logan wears the Jester hat. He yells to Tyler over the APPLAUSE. Tyler grins. He snatches the Jester hat and puts it on. FROM BESIDE THE BLEACHERS, Scott and Teresa take it all in. Scott watches AUSTIN, dancing, laughing, happy as can be. PUSH IN ON SCOTT’S FACE. He smiles, but something in him is unsettled. The rhythm of the drums is slowly replaced by a pensive CLICK, CLICK, CLICK.... Scott speaks. He grips a pen, CLICKING it over and over. Scott looks at his shoes as he talks. He taps his feet to the CLICKS. Twice with the right, twice with the left. Scott looks up for the first time. Into the crowd of faces. Rick is there. And then we see -- JOE. Joe nods. Like he’s accepting an apology. From himself. He pauses. Taps twice with his left foot. Just once with the right. Stops himself. Waits. Nothing. Huh. Scott returns to the house to find Teresa waiting on the front steps. He stops, surprised. Then he waves. Scott pours coffee. Hands a mug to Teresa. They’re both a little awkward. Scott shifts in place, like a child. Working up the nerve. He chokes, can’t quite look at her. Still filled with shame. Before he can say any more, Teresa takes a step toward him. Tears immediately well in Scott’s eyes. He shakes his head and turns away. He can’t accept it. But Teresa stands right in front of him, takes his hand. Scott nods, barely holding it together. Scott cries openly, unable to contain it anymore. Teresa LAUGHS out loud. He looks at her, relieved. You sure? He goes to a desk in the dining room. Pulls out an 11x7 CLOSE ON THE AD: IT’S THE PHOTO BOOTH PICTURE from Scott and Teresa’s first date at the arcade. Teresa’s head on his shoulder. Cheery text reads:  FORGIVENESS! Half the price of bitterness, Teresa cracks up, genuinely impressed. Scott pulls his car into a campground parking lot BUZZING with excited kids. As he and Austin unload - But Austin is already out of the car, bags on his shoulders, huffing it right along with the other kids. Okay then. Over this - THUNDER CRACKS. Scott and Rick share a tent. Lightning FLASHES outside. Rain pelts down. Water already leaks onto Scott. He’s miserable. Scott hesitates, then lies back down. Okay, I warned you. He pokes the tent. More water dumps on him. Great. The sky is clear. BRIGHT MORNING SUN rises behind the tents. Scott bolts awake to Austin. Fired up and ready to go. And he’s out. Scott and Rick share a look. Morning. SERIES OF EVENTS. Austin and Scott compete with the others: - A RELAY RACE, as dads carry kids on hand-made stretchers. - A SAWING CONTEST, where Scott and Austin race to saw through a foot-thick log with a large two-handled saw. Then... SWISH! - AN ARROW STICKS INTO A TARGET. Just outside the bullseye. WHIP PAN over as the shooter steps aside, making room for his competitor.... AUSTIN. Up next. Austin nocks his arrow, focused. CLOSE ON HIS EYES, he’s in the zone. We see his POV -- The feather, the bow string, the target. Austin breathes, and lets it fly. BULLSEYE! Scott blinks. What?? He can’t believe it. Everyone FREAKS OUT. CHEERING. But Austin is already over it. No big deal. Scott and Austin glide across the lake in a canoe. The sun sets over the water. It’s beautiful. Austin is exhausted from the day. So Scott paddles. Austin watches him. Then, out of nowhere. This stops Scott. He looks at Austin. As hard as it is for him to accept that right now, Austin is completely sincere. AUSTIN GRINS. And his eyes twinkle in that knowing way. As Scott meets his bright blue gaze... And now WE SEE QUICK FLASHES -- MOMENTS FROM AUSTIN’S LIFE. Some big, some small. Scott holding baby Austin as he cries. Running him heroically into a hospital, time after time. Hiding in the closet - “I found you!”, Scott holding him at the swing set. Speeding after the finance guy, wind whipping his hair. Playing games together, watching movies, laughing, crying.... Most of them are moments Scott considered failures, or forgettable. But through Austin’s eyes - they’re perfect. BACK TO CANOE. Scott is struck. He smiles at his son through happy tears. FROM THIS, WE PULL OUT to reveal they’re no longer floating on water, but in a sea of radiant, magical clouds. In Austin’s imagination. And this time, he really does. Everyone gathers around a CRACKLING FIRE. Chatting, singing, making s’mores. The lake reflects a million stars. Scott strums his guitar. Beside him, Austin lays his head down, immediately asleep. Rick sits down, joining Scott. They stare into the fire for a beat. The sky glows blue. Everyone is asleep in their tents. Scott sits on a rock with Joe, watching the mist over the lake. Joe nods thoughtfully, like he’s been expecting this question. Scott does, a little wary. And Joe’s face STARTS GLOWING. Scott stares, eyes wide. The white light seems to overtake Joe’s face until..... IT SNAPS BACK TO NORMAL. Scott shakes his head. The kids and dads all walk back to their cars, loaded up with gear. The kids cluster together, chatting. Dads do the same. Then Austin runs up alongside Scott and takes his hand. They walk together in silence for a moment. Then Austin asks - Scott shrugs. And as they continue together, hand in hand... AT THE CAR, Scott loads Austin, then shuts the door. Looks out over the horizon. Takes a breath. Then - Then, from inside the car. Scott, Teresa, Austin and Logan all sit together. Burgers and fries for everyone. And for Austin, a LARGE STRAWBERRY MILKSHAKE. They all look. Except Scott, who is trying to sneak a bite. Scott can’t help but laugh. But he really wants this burger. Austin takes another big sip of his shake, then, blissfully: They all smile, but Austin isn’t done. Then he screams it out. The whole restaurant turns. But Austin is done now. Back to his shake. Scott and family just smile. As Scott finally takes his bite, we PUSH IN ON HIM, and now IT’S HIS VOICE THAT COMES IN. Scott drives his family home. He looks to the back seat, where Austin sits with his face out the window, Jester hat flapping in the wind, sun on his face. Happy as can be. Scott adjusts the rearview, SO HE CAN SEE HIS WHOLE FAMILY AS HE DRIVES. Teresa in the passenger seat. Austin and Logan in the back. And between then, Joe. Scott smiles.