Based on the graphic novel by A BIRD ON A WIRE A pigeon, to be precise. Perched on a telephone wire. Street sounds mingle with the noise of children as we drift down to Through a window we spy a hallway crowded with MIDDLE-SCHOOL STUDENTS all wearing uniforms of navy blue polo shirts. Kids at lunch. Noisy with bursts of shouting and laughter. Tables all crowded. All except one table toward the back... It’s here we find those few kids who don’t fit in. Together but alone, empty spaces between seats, books and phones for company. JULIAN (12) eats his lunch and stares at his phone, but can’t help feeling the stares from some of the kids at other tables. A few WHISPER about him. Others SNICKER. He struggles to ignore them, resumes staring at his phone -- He glances up to find someone addressing him: CAROLINE (13), bookish and little over-eager, clutching a clipboard. Julian shakes his head, returning his attention to his phone. Caroline regards him a beat, then shrugs and moves on to the next kid at the table. Julian tries to ignore the sound of her sales pitch, returning his focus to -- HIS PHONE. We see he’s scrolling through Instagram: lots of posts from the “Beecher Prep Science Fair!” Julian’s expression tells us he knows these kids. They all look to be having a great time, laughing and silly-posing for the camera; a Wonder fan will recognize some of the names tagging these photos: “SUMMER” “MAYA” “MILES” “XIMENA”... Julian swallows hard, trying to ignore whatever emotions the posts elicit as he continues to scroll... when he stops at one image: a boy with a severe facial deformity mugging goofily for the camera with two friends, their arms around each other’s shoulders: “AUGGIE” “HENRY” “JACK WILL.” Julian stares hard at the threesome; at Auggie in particular. His expression darkens as he types: “Losers.” He’s about to hit “Post” on his comment -- but hesitates. Torn, he finally erases it, swallowing his irritation. A yellow bus crawls in traffic en route back to Manhattan. Noise of kids letting off steam after the school day. Again Julian sits alone, staring hard out the window. Julian arrives home. The DOORMAN greets him cheerfully. Julian manages to fake a smile in return. The Doorman asks how Julian’s day was. Julian returns a brief thumbs up. Riding up alone, Julian angrily rubs away a forming tear. Julian enters, tosses his backpack. The beautiful apartment is extremely quiet. Julian opens the fridge. Tupperware neatly labeled “DINNER” along with reheating instructions and “Home by 10pm. xo Mom” Julian retrieves the tupperware, sets it down on the island -- -- when he freezes. His eyes dart, ears alert. The CREAK of a floorboard. Then silence. Nothing. Julian pads warily toward the kitchen door, when he hears it again. The creak of the floorboard. And then a faint sound, like someone whistling. Julian catches his breath, inches a little closer to the door to try to see into the living room... His GRAND-MÈRE pokes her head into the kitchen, giggling naughtily. In her 90s, she’s remarkably spry even with a cane, and impeccably coiffed and dressed. He joins her, gives her a hug. She squeezes him much tighter, kisses both his cheeks. Julian and Grand-Mère having dinner together; it appears Grand-Mère insisted upon using the family’s good China and silverware despite a dinner of leftover lasagna and salad. Grand-Mère chuckles as she pours herself a healthy glass of wine. She reaches for Julian’s glass to pour him some -- She grins at him with a little shrug, sets the bottle down.  Just “okay?” Grand-Mère’s smile fades. His words clearly pain her. She leans back. Studies Julian a long, quiet moment. Grand-Mère again takes a beat, debating, then gently exhales. Julian sits up as Grand-Mère takes a sip of wine. Then: A quaint French village nestled in a picturesque mountain. Winter mist hovers over frozen ground, shrouding the trunks of bare trees in all directions as far as we can see. TIME LAPSE: WINTER TRANSFORMS INTO GREEN, GLORIOUS SPRING  But in the spring, the leaves  And then in early May, the most TIME LAPSE: THE FOREST FLOOR BURSTS INTO AN ALMOST SURREAL SEA OF BRIGHT BLUE-VIOLET AS IT IS BLANKETED BY BLUEBELLS. On the horizon, the silhouettes of a young family of three. The little girl runs ahead, straight toward us, wide-eyed and rambunctious. This is SARA (aka Grand-Mère), age five. As they near us, we meet Sara’s parents, MAX (gentle, handsome) and ROSE (vibrant, maternal). Sara spins back to her parents, both amused by her irrepressible excitement -- Grand-Mère closes her eyes, remembering with a wistful smile. Back with the young family as we’d just left them: Max scoops her up as she giggles with anticipation. Sara’s arms are outstretched, beaming as she “flies” over the radiant sea of bluebells rushing beneath her. Max grins back at Rose, sharing the look young parents share when they realize they are the luckiest people alive. The family walking home from their picnic. Rose carries a sleepy Sara, Sara’s chin resting on her mother’s shoulder. They walk a bit in contented quiet, then Rose begins to sing softly in Sara’s ear, a poignant Yiddish melody: Max rubs Sara’s back, nestling closer as he joins in: Sara’s parents tuck her in bed, kiss the top of her sleeping head. Pictures drawn in a child’s hand tacked to the walls. SARA (AGE 8) in a pretty dress, playing piano. A menorah on a mantle is all that tells us it’s a Jewish home. SARA (AGE 11) dines with her parents. Rose laughs as Max tries to convince Sara to try escargot. SARA (AGE 14) running giddily with her friends, MARIANN and SOPHIE, arriving under the marquee of the local cinema. They seem not to notice the Nazi banners and flags adorning the occasional flagpoles in the background. REGAL TRUMPETS herald a shot of German soldiers marching down the Champs-Élysées. A title soars in: “FRANCE ACTUALITÈS!” HITLER meets the saluting troops with steely satisfaction. Beside him is ADOLF EICHMANN. PARISIANS line the streets; some cheer, others look palpably anxious... WIDEN TO -- The newsreel continues playing to a packed house, but Sara and her friends pay no attention to it, huddled together WHISPERING and GIGGLING, lit by the glow of the movie screen. Sophie lets out a little shriek as she squeezes Sara’s arm, nodding a few rows over to a TRIO OF 15 YEAR OLD BOYS. One of them, VINCENT (tall, handsome), glances back at them. Vincent returns a grin, mutters something to his friends, who CHUCKLE... as the newsreel drones on, PHILIPPE PETAIN (head of the Vichy government) shaking hands with Hitler. HARPO MARX BEING CHASED BY A GORILLA (FROM “AT THE CIRCUS”) Sara and her friends now rapt, laughing along with the rest of the audience. Cut to a high angle, as if someone is watching above... follow the projector’s gauzy beam up into -- Quieter in here. We find the projectionist propped on a stool by the machine, and discover he’s only a BOY himself. He’s leaning forward, peering down at the crowd below, particularly at the kids his own age. At Sara. He seems intrigued by her. When she laughs, a small smile blooms on his own face. The booth’s back door bangs open and the Boy turns to GEORGES (50s, gruff) entering with TWO SERIOUS-LOOKING YOUNG MEN. One has a rifle strapped to his shoulder. The boy nods. Georges steals a glance at the projector. Georges allows a hint of warmth, impressed. Then he exits. A burst of LAUGHTER from the crowd. The Boy leans forward again to steal another look at the kids below... As he does, we now notice a pair of polio-era crutches propped against the wall. Dressed smartly for school, toting a book bag, Sara breezes her scooter through town, greeting familiar neighbors and shopkeepers with cheerful hello’s and good mornings. Sara pushes her scooter up a mountain road, eyes fixed on what looks like a small castle on a hill. A sign reads “ECOLE LAFAYETTE.” Crowded with students milling before class. Sara joins Mariann and Sophie. Sara strikes a silly movie star pose, kicking up a heel. She’s referring to Sara’s new shoes. Patent red leather. A sudden burst of LAUGHTER behind them. They turn to see some boys circled around someone: the Boy with the crutches. One of the bullies has stolen the Boy’s crutches and hobbles around on them, to the amusement of his cruel buddies. The Bully sniffs the air, then hurls a crutch back at the Boy. Mariann SNICKERS guiltily. Sara glances back at the Boy they call TOURTEAU struggling to pick up his crutches and hobble away. CLAUDE, a sleepy-eyed boy, recites a Lamartine poem in a nasally monotone at the front of the room. We find Sara at her desk, stealthily drawing in a small sketchbook. Her eyes flit to the window, and we realize she’s drawing a pigeon resting on the sill. Mariann tosses a folded note on Sara’s desk. Sara opens it to find “SARA + VINCENT” circled in a heart. Sara blushes, scribbles: “He barely knows I exist!” and tosses it back -- -- but it’s caught mid-air by MADEMOISELLE PETITJEAN (late 20s, warm). Sara blanches, but Mlle Petitjean returns an amused smile and pockets the note. Mlle Petitjean is about to walk on, but can’t help notice the sketch of the pigeon Sara was drawing. We see it too now, and are struck by how remarkably well drawn it is. Further embarrassed, Sara quickly shuts the sketchbook cover. Her eyes meet Mlle Petitjean’s, who regards her curiously. O.S. a BELL CHIMES. The students instantly noisy. The students move in a crush for the door. We spot Tourteau among them, maneuvering on his crutches; he steals a brief look at Sara, but she’s busy chatting with her friends. Mariann and Sophie give Sara an “uh oh” look, continue out with the others, leaving Sara alone with Mlle Petitjean. Sara hesitates, then hands her the sketchbook. Mlle Petitjean regards her drawing of the pigeon, impressed. She flips through the other pages. Many more sketches, all hinting at real talent. Mlle Petitjean regards a few more, then closes the sketchbook, hands it back, along with the “Vincent” note. Sara nods sheepishly, struck by how keenly she’s been read. Sara walking home from school, smiling to herself in the wake of Mlle Petitjean’s praise. She stops into a BAKERY. Sara knows the owner, MADAME BALLOU. Sara bends to stroke the bakery’s resident cat, Pierre. But Madame Ballou just stares at her, unsure. Sara hesitates, confused; Madame Ballou seems torn, then quickly turns and retrieves a freshly-baked pain au chocolat. Sara reaches into her purse to pay for it -- Sara is even more confused, but shrugs it off, taking a big bite of the pastry as she steps back outside -- -- and suddenly halts in her tracks. Pan with Sara’s look to the store window, where we now notice the sign posted there:  JEWS NOT PERMITTED Shaken, Sara peers past the sign and inside the bakery, where Madame Ballou avoids her stare. Sara at the dinner table with her parents. Tension abounds. Rose shoots Max a look, and now it dawns on Sara: Sara looks to her father; he doesn’t look as certain.  like they do in the Occupied Zone. Terrifying silence. Rose stifling the urge to cry. Rose shakes her head, forcing a smile again. Max stares at his wife a hesitant beat, then quietly nods. A SIGN AFFIXED TO A PARK’S IRON GATE: “FORBIDDEN TO JEWS.” Through the gate slats we can make out a group of YOUNG CHILDREN watching a MARIONETTE SHOW. One of the puppets is dressed as a grotesque rabbi, with a huge nose and evil brow, chased and beaten by a bully stick as the children laugh. REVERSE ON SARA (it was her POV), watching with a knot in her stomach. She backs away from the gate, quickly hurries on. That sign in the window of Boulangerie Ballou still hangs... as do similar signs in at least a dozen more windows now, all variations of “NO JEWS ALLOWED” “JEWS NOT WELCOME” etc. Sara clutches her book sack tight, now avoiding eye contact with her fellow villagers as she hurries through town. A sense of relief in Sara’s eyes as she arrives at this seeming haven. She passes under the archway to find the school’s gentle headmaster PASTOR LUC crossing her path. As Sara continues past, we linger with Pastor Luc as he watches after her, his smile fading to a look of sympathy. Crowded as usual before class. Spotting Mariann and Sophie excitedly waving her over, Sara brightens and joins them. Sara abruptly trails off, realizing something... and a moment later, the same realization occurs to Mariann as well: Mariann shoots Sophie a hard “think about it” look. Mlle Petitjean is delivering a lesson, but Sara’s mind is elsewhere, visibly troubled. Mlle Petitjean notices Sara’s distraction, perhaps intuiting its cause -- when the bell’s CHIMES signal dismissal. Sara rises in a fog. Barely listening to the chatter from Mariann and Sophie flanking her, Sara fakes an attentive smile as the trio exit. The girls heading for their next class when --  BOY’S VOICE (O.S.)  Sara? Um, excuse me? Sara? Sara glances back, surprised to find Tourteau making his way toward them on his crutches. Sara ignores them, uneasy but trying to appear polite. She’s confused to see he’s holding out her sketchbook. Feeling exposed, she takes it quickly. Tourteau bows his head slightly, proffers a slight smile. Sara manages an awkward half-smile back. He turns and goes. The moment his back is turned, Sophie pinches her nose and fake gags. Mariann feigns disapproval but grins nonetheless. Sara shakes her head, grinning a little too in spite of herself. Sara spins, stunned to find Vincent and his buddy (JEROME) approaching. Sophie subtly squeezes Sara’s forearm. She glances down at her sketchbook. Vincent appears curious, smiles warmly at Sara, disarming her. Sara hesitates, but he reaches out with an “it’s okay” smile. Vincent just ignores him, flashing another gentle smile at Sara as she hands him the sketchbook, Sophie beaming for her. Her heart aflutter, Sara watches as Vincent opens her sketchbook and carefully flips through the pages. He then pauses on a sketch: it’s a portrait of Vincent. Sara instantly blanches - she’d forgotten it was in there! Vincent glances up, looking surprised and flattered. She glances up at his handsome, smiling face and blushes. Sara is momentarily shell-shocked, as if unable to fathom the jarring disconnect... when Jerome laughs cruelly. Vincent laughs too, then tosses the sketchbook at her feet. Sophie titters uncomfortably, Mariann looks ashamed as the boys walk off, cracking jokes that spur more laughter. Trembling a little, Sara bends and picks up her sketchbook. But Sara quickly hurries off, fighting back tears... A SQUAD OF UNIFORMED MILICE OFFICERS stop a YOUNG COUPLE on the sidewalk, bluntly demanding to see their papers. The frightened couple comply. On the man’s papers we see they’re stamped “JEWISH.” The Officers exchange a cryptic look. Rose is doing dinner dishes as she listens to the radio: The radio is abruptly snapped off by Max, who’s just entered. He hands Rose a weathered-looking envelope. Rose sets the letter down, wipes a tear with a quivering hand. Returns to the glass she was washing. The glass slips from Rose’s hand and SHATTERS in the sink. Rose starts to silently cry. Max exhales. Sara lying on her bed, looks like she’s been crying for hours. She stares up at the ceiling, listening: BACK TO: ROSE AND MAX IN THE KITCHEN Max takes her hands in his, their love profound and palpable. A faint KNOCK on the door. Max pokes his head in, finds Sara as we left her. He smiles gently at her. She stays quiet. Max notices her sketchbook on the desk. Picks it up, flips through. Happens on the drawing she’d made of the pigeon.  As the sky above.  Little bird, little bird, Max stares back at her, realizing she overheard it all. Sara shuts her eyes, a hitch in her voice: Max is moved by the pain and fear he hears in her. A faint noise behind him. Max turns to find Rose standing in the open doorway, smiling sadly at Sara. Rose enters the room, joins Max beside Sara on her bed. Rose glances at Max. He meets Sara’s worried gaze, assuring: They rise, kiss her goodnight -- when Max notices Sara’s red shoes laid out beside tomorrow’s outfit. A thought, then: Sara exits her building, carrying her book sack, her clumsy brown winter boots doing her outfit no favors. She continues down the block, around the corner -- -- then slows to a stop, brow furrowed as if debating something. She finally sighs, quickly takes her bag from her shoulder... and removes her patent leather red shoes. Sara arrives at school in her red shoes, continues into Searching for Mariann and Sophie -- she spots Vincent, Jerome, and their gang laughing rowdily at something. Sara quickly walks the other way before they can notice her. Sara is discreetly doodling in her sketchbook as Mlle Petitjean is explaining the Pythagorean Theorem. She’s interrupted by the door opening. Sara glances up to find Pastor Luc in the door frame, looking anxious. They step aside, speaking in low tones. The kids exchange curious glances. Pastor Luc finally steps out as Mlle Petitjean turns to them: Sara and RUTH rise and follow Mlle Petitjean out to -- Mlle Petitjean walking quickly, speaking urgently: Mlle Petitjean takes off her scarf, wraps it around Sara Snow flurries are falling as Mlle Petitjean hurries Sara and Ruth across the courtyard, ducking under -- AN ARCHWAY -- where Pastor Luc is waiting with a young MAQUISARD (resistance fighter) and a dozen other CHILDREN (6 - 15). The frightened children all nod. Sara is already shivering. In the distance, a faint sound of ENGINES approaching. Some mutter “yes” and “okay,” most are mute with fear. Sara looks around - most of the kids are wearing boots. They take off sprinting in a pack behind the Maquisard, hurrying out of the school grounds and toward THE MOUNTAINOUS WOODS Trees dotting the perimeter. TIGHT ON SARA Running as hard as she can, but already falling behind as her red shoes slip and stick in the snow. Behind her she hears engines roaring to a halt, then loud GERMAN VOICES. She steals a look back: two MILITARY TRUCKS are idling in the courtyard, GERMAN SOLDIERS barking orders at the faculty... Pastor Luc reviewing a list of names he’s been handed by a stern-faced GERMAN COMMANDER. A pair of uniformed FRENCH GENDARMES stand nearby, equally intimidating. He’s interrupted by the sound of a CLASSROOM WINDOW abruptly opening above. Vincent leans out, shouts down to the Germans: Pastor Luc blanches as soldiers quickly react, the Commander swiftly ordering a a cadre to search the woods -- Hearing the distant sound of soldiers nearing, Sara runs even harder -- when her shoe slips and she goes down. She starts to pick herself up, but at ground level she’s now aware of the many footprints the Jewish children left in their wake. She peers back toward the sounds of those German voices growing louder... closer... Sara scrambles to her feet, eyes darting -- she can just make out the last of the group up ahead. Breathless, her gaze lands on a small woodshed some 30 feet away... All steel helmets and rifles as they race up the snowy slope, following the foot tracks, shouting to each other in German. The soldiers fan out as they enter the woods. One runs right past the little woodshed -- We find Sara crouched in terror, shivering violently and holding her breath -- -- when a distant GUNSHOT rings out. All heads turn -- Kids’ faces pressed to the window panes, watching, stunned... ...as the small group of escapees emerge from the surrounding woods, flanked by the four rifle-wielding Nazi soldiers. The kids exchange terrified glances, scared speechless. Sara still hiding, watching in horror as the other German soldiers roll up in the two trucks to meet the group in the open field between the woods and the school. Many of the children are crying as Antoine is yanked forward by a TALL SOLDIER, then thrust to his knees in the snow. One of the Soldiers says something in German that makes the Tall Soldier snicker; he then swings his rifle around and presses it to the back of Antoine’s head. BANG! The gunshot kills the young man instantly, his body slumping into the snow as the children SCREAM and SHRIEK. Eyes wide in horror, clutching her mouth to keep from screaming. And then she sees TWO FIGURES hurrying across the field toward the children: Pastor Luc and Mlle Petitjean... The Nazi Soldiers are meanwhile herding the panicked children toward the truck beds -- The Commander spins on Pastor Luc, draws his pistol. Beside the Commander, a FRENCH GENDARME is reviewing the list of names. He glances up at the children being hoisted into the truck, then frowns at his list. Math not adding up... TIGHTER ON SARA IN THE WOODSHED Watching this. Realizing. Her eyes dart, sees her only chance at escape is a desperate dash down a far slope, toward the back side of the school, where the bell tower hovers. Pastor Luc takes her arm, scared for her -- She tugs her arm free of his grasp, marches to the truck. But she ignores him, pushing past the Tall Soldier and climbing into the truck bed, to the surprise of the officers. All except the Soldier who was reviewing his list. He says something to his Commander, who then spins on Pastor Luc: TIGHTER ON SARA Knows it’s now or never. Staying low, she suddenly ducks out of the shed and takes off in a crouch down the far slope -- -- seconds before she would have been found by the Soldiers, who now start to approach the little shed. The Commander orders some underlings back to the woods to keep searching... Mlle Petitjean wraps her arms around the smallest children, all crying and trembling despite her comforting whispers. Sara comes stumbling into view, racing to a door at the base of the tower. She steals a last look back, then ducks in. Sara climbs the five stories of steps in a mad sprint, gasping for breath, her red shoes slipping on the stone... Sara enters, shuts the door behind her. She finally allows herself a moment to suck in some air, her gaze taking in the huge old bell surrounded by four exposed walls, snow gusting in through the openings. She goes to one, peers out to see -- BELOW: THE GROUNDS AND THE WOODS BEYOND. The children and Mlle Petitjean as we left them, waiting in the truck in the falling snow as the Officers search the woods for Sara. Stricken, tears well in Sara’s eyes as her frozen fingers absently grip Mlle Petitjean’s scarf. TIGHTER ON SARA’S POV OF MLLE PETITJEAN, comforting the children in the truck as best she can. Students’ faces still pressed to the windows, staring at their beloved teacher refusing to show her captors any fear. NAZI OFFICERS in warm coats and combat boots march a group of underdressed CHILDREN AND ADULTS across harsh, snowy terrain. The group starts to splinter, the younger ones unable to keep up as a blizzard rages harder. Mlle Petitjean looks gaunt, frozen, but determined to stay with her youngest students. Their small figures become smaller and smaller in the harsh white landscape as we drift further and further away... Mlle Petitjean and the children finally vanish altogether. Sara as we’d left her, staring out in terror at Mlle Petitjean and the children huddled in the idling truck bed -- -- when she freezes, suddenly hearing something: the thump of FOOTSTEPS ascending the staircase. Terrified, Sara quickly looks around: there’s only one way out of the tower, and that’s by the same staircase. She’s trapped. She hurries back to the window, peers down. Far too high to attempt a jump. And yet as those ominous footsteps get closer and closer, she’s deciding to do just that... She grips the edge of the stones, peering down once more at the vertiginous five-story plummet... She starts to climb onto the icy ledge, glancing over her shoulder at the door. She hears the footsteps arriving on the other side, a sound of the door being pushed open... She peers back out at the drop, just about to jump -- when --  BOY’S VOICE Stunned, she glances back to find the figure in the doorframe is not a Nazi, but... Tourteau?? Sara stares back in shock -- Tourteau maneuvers back down the stone steps with his crutches, Sara right behind him. O.S. they can hear the shouts of Soldiers and Gendarmes in the school building. They arrive back at the base of the tower. Tourteau nudges open an old door with his crutch, revealing A DANK HALLWAY. Tourteau leads Sara through a dark, cavernous space. Her voice echoes off the moist walls: Sure enough, they’ve reached another staircase - this one descending to darker depths. No sooner does Sara start to follow Tourteau down than she’s met by a powerful stench. Confused, Sara’s about to reply -- when she hears LAPPING WATER. A few more steps, and she sees that the floor below sits beneath two feet of putrid liquid. He steps into the murk first. She hesitates, then follows. Tourteau leading the way, sloshing forward on his crutches. Glancing back, he sees how hard Sara is shivering. He stops, quickly removes his coat. He hands her his coat, and she puts it on. Rural and rugged. Barren trees loom ominously in twilight... as Tourteau and Sara emerge from the subterranean steps. Tourteau leads Sara along the rocky banks of a wooded brook. Sara’s fancy red shoes look wrecked now, their slippery soles sliding from stone to stone. Tourteau’s crutches navigate the wet rocks deftly; he’s clearly cold but not letting on. Sara manages to nod, fighting the urge to cry. A few small houses line a street in a poor neighborhood. Sara glances back at him, surprised he knows where she lives. His friendly smile falters awkwardly as he realizes that sounded a little stalker-ish -- -- when the headlamp of a loud motorcycle comes speeding toward them. Tourteau quickly hurries Sara alongside the nearest house, the pair crouching low as the motorcycle ROARS past. They wait until the street is dark and still again. He looks back at her, trying to sound assuring. He leans out from where they’re concealed, checks both ways to make sure no one is watching. Sara nods, and follows him across the street... toward a dilapidated stone barn just visible across a dark field. A wooden door creaks open and Tourteau leads Sara inside. She peers around at the equally decrepit interior, strafed by shadows and moonglow. Cobwebs cling to rusty tools and an old car. A mouse scurries over Sara’s foot; she GASPS! Alarmed, Tourteau spins to her -- Tourteau nods, apologetic: Sara exhales anxiously, a knot tightening in her gut. He gets down on all fours, making a step stool of his back. Sara gingerly approaches, steps up on his back and pulls herself up into the loft. Tourteau stands, peers up at her. He peers back up at Sara in the hayloft, musters a smile. She trails off, emotional. It’s all still sinking in. He retrieves his crutches -- then stops, glances back at her: Julien doffs his cap with a little bow, then heads off... Julian stares back at Grand-Mère, surprised. Her smile fades slightly, tinged by sadness. For a moment, she seems lost in her memory of that night. Sara hugs a wool blanket tight around her as VIVIENNE hands Sara a bowl of soup and JEAN-PAUL sweeps out cobwebs. Vivienne meets Sara’s scared look with an assuring smile. Vivienne takes more blankets and climbs up to the hayloft using a big barrel Jean-Paul has positioned underneath it. Sara looks at the bread and cheese Vivienne set out for her -- FLASH ON: MAX AND ROSE AND SARA AT DINNER, EATING AND LAUGHING TOGETHER IN THE WARM LIGHT OF THEIR HOME. FLASH ON: MAX CARRYING FIVE-YEAR-OLD SARA LIKE A “BIRD” OVER THE BLUEBELLS, SARA GLANCING BACK AT ROSE WAVING TO HER. FLASH ON: ROSE AND MAX SITTING ON THE EDGE OF SARA’S BED, ASSURING HER THEY’LL RETURN TO THEIR HOME AFTER THE WAR -- TIGHT ON SARA’S FACE AS SHE BOLTS AWAKE, disoriented, then realizes where she is -- --in blankets atop a pile of hay. Sara can’t hold it in any longer; tears start to well in her eyes. Desperately scared. A HOWLING WIND is the only reply, rattling the rafters. Sara hugs herself, peering around the darkness. She wipes at her tears as she positions herself against a window and stares out at the dark sky... ...when, just outside the window, a WHITE BIRD perches on a branch. It holds her gaze for a fraction of an instant, then flies away. Sara watches it go, vanishing into the night. The white bird soars through the dark sky... flying over Dreary and ominous, dark platforms overcrowded with JEWISH PRISONERS - WOMEN, MEN, CHILDREN - being roughly ordered onto trains by grim-faced FRENCH AND GERMAN SOLDIERS. We recognizes Rose Blum within the crush of people boarding the train, an unspeakable sorrow in her eyes. PANNING UP to the TRAIN’S WINDOW, we find Rose peering out, as if searching for Sara. In a moment, the train wheels begin to grind ominously as it rolls out of the station, Rose receding from view... CLOSE ON SARA sleeping fitfully, her expression suggesting she’s in the grip of a haunting dream. A WOMAN’S HAND enters frame, gently touches her shoulder. Sara immediately GRABS for it, squeezing tight as she stirs, blinking up in the hopes that this was all just a bad dream -- -- only to find Vivienne crouched beside her. Sara quickly lets her hand go, embarrassed. Vivienne smiles gently. Vivienne hugs her, about to go -- when Sara clutches her and starts to cry. Like a small dam has burst. But Sara can’t stop crying. Vivienne rubs her back, heart breaking for her. Lets her cry as long as she needs to. Through a small space between the barn’s uppermost slats, we can make out Sara’s eyes peering out from within. BELOW she can see Julien returning from school, crutches clacking along the dirt road between the houses and the barn. He steals a look up at the barn, then quickly averts his eyes when he notices an ELDERLY COUPLE (the LAFLEURS) watching him suspiciously from their window. Julien waves hello to them, but they only acknowledge him with a frown. Only now, when the neighborhood is pitch dark and quiet, does Julien silently hobble across the road to the barn. Julien quietly crawls through a discreet hole along the base of the wall, pushing his crutches through first. Once through, he slides a piece of wood to re-conceal the hole, then finds a nearby hurricane lamp and lights it. He peers up to the loft, unable to see past the bales lining its ledge. Sara rises, casting her shadow against the wall. Julien has set the lamp down, now unpacking his book bag. Sara sits across from him, watching him. Beat. Sara barely nods. Then softly, to herself: She stops herself from crying. Julien doesn’t know how to respond. He reaches into his book bag, and pulls out a small collection of colored pencils and some sheets of paper. Surprised, Sara smiles just a little, the first time in days. Her smile has faded to a look akin to guilt. Julien looks self-conscious, as if he just admitted a crush. Julien grins. A surprised laugh escapes Sara. The sound of their LAUGHTER just barely audible out here, like a ray of warmth in the cold, dark night. Sara is drawing with the paper and pencils Julien brought. We see she’s been sketching images of Rose and Max. On Sara’s face, the unbearable pain of missing them. The pencil trembles in her grasp as she draws Max’s smile. A tear drop lands on the paper, blurring a spot. Vivienne stands on the steps of the building, “casually” inquiring about the Doctor who lives upstairs. A cagey NEIGHBOR just shakes her head, answering tersely. Jean-Paul holds his cap between his hands, humbly inquiring with a guarded RECEPTIONIST. Jean-Paul smiles politely and thanks her anyway, then hurries off... the Receptionist eyeing him uncertainly as he exits. By the amber glow of the hurricane lamp we see Sara and Julien’s shadows against the wall, Julien teaching the day’s geometry lesson to Sara. We’re not near enough to hear the lesson dialogue, just the sound of animated talking and the occasional laugh. Julien is explaining a complicated theorem to Sara. A rowdy group of teenage MILICE (militia) patrol the street outside the theater; we recognize Vincent and Jerome among their newest recruits, swastika bands around their biceps. Julien maneuvering with one crutch as he changes reels. Georges pokes his head in to the booth like last time, with him the same two Resistance fighters. Julien NODS dutifully, knows the drill. Georges exits. Alone again in the booth, we see a thought occurring to Julien as he stares hard at the spot Georges just vacated. Julien descends a narrow staircase on his crutches. We can hear the MUFFLED VOICES of men and women below. Julien carefully presses open a heavy door a crack to see -- -- A DOZEN RESISTANCE FIGHTERS gathered in a clandestine meeting. Men and women, most younger than Georges, their faces grim and determined. Georges spots Julien behind the cracked door; their eyes meet. Georges returns a hard, curious look, then shakes his head as if to say “you shouldn’t be here.” Julien nods, quietly shuts the door before others notice him. Julien is loading film reels into the heavy cans, when -- Julien turns to find Georges entering, looking grave. Julien hesitates, then steels himself: We see a wicker bag, then a jug of water nudged through the barn’s entry hole. A beat, then Vivienne crawls in after. Sara’s face brightens some as she peers down from the loft. Vivienne is washing Sara’s hair over a ceramic bowl. She lathers Sara’s hair, motherly. INSERT (FLASHBACK): MME LAFLEUR HANDS VIVIENNE AND A FRAIL 6- YR-OLD JULIEN A BASKET OF BRIOCHE ROLLS. INSERT: THE LAFLEURS PEER OUT THEIR WINDOW, GRIM AND GUARDED. BACK TO: SARA AND VIVIENNE Sara chuckles too. Vivienne starts to rinse her hair. Sara cranes her neck more, when her face suddenly brightens -- Vivienne is confused, follows Sara’s gaze up to a little dormer window high above. Sure enough, a small white bird is perched there. Vivienne starts to rub Sara’s hair dry -- when she notices Sara’s smile fading, a tear forming in the corner of her eye. Vivienne smiles sadly, feeling for her. She’s interrupted by a sudden THUD below. Sara quickly looks to Vivienne, who presses a ssh finger to her lips. Holding their breath, they strain to listen: someone is definitely just outside. They hear footsteps in the grass, then the sound of the barn door opening... They retreat to the corner of the hayloft, scared, when -- They both exhale relief. Step out to find Julien below. Julien now sitting across from Sara and Vivienne. Sara nervously turns to Vivienne. Vivienne nods. Sara takes a tense breath, considers this. Mariann and Sophie are passing notes like they used to... oblivious to Julien two seats away, crutches propped against his desk, listening to PASTOR ROBERT’s history lesson: Julien re-teaching the same day’s lesson to Sara: Now Julien realizes where her mind is at. Sara stays quiet. Julien studies her a beat. Julien allows a self-conscious smile. Sara smiles back. Julien holds her gaze just a beat -- then awkwardly retrieves his notebook, about to resume the lesson, when -- Sara considers him a moment, her mind working... She grins. AS SEEN THROUGH A CAR WINDSHIELD: Whizzing past Parisians and well-heeled tourists crowding the sidewalks of the iconic thoroughfare, past cafes and hotels, bakeries and clothiers. REVERSE ON SARA AND JULIEN Sitting in the front seat of the Beaumier’s rusty old car... ... in the corner of the barn amid the hay and old tools. Sara is behind the wheel, grinning out the dusty windshield. Julien in the passenger seat, a lot more self-conscious.  out from it, like a star... Shapes struggling to emerge in the dusty dark of the barn... a wide, circular drive... suggestions of smaller avenues... Julien glances over at her, moved by how sincerely she’s into this. He forces his imagination to engage... as through the windshield his MIND’S EYE starts to fill in more and more brightness and detail... And for a moment it is as if they are actually in a car on the Place de l’Etoile, the two of them all grins, peering up giddily at the magnificent Arc de Triomphe. They both laugh at this admission. Sara gasps, instinctively twists the wheel -- then instantly catches herself and cracks up more. Julien laughing. ON SARA as she “turns” the wheel, grinning straight ahead. ON JULIEN as he steals a look at her, clearly smitten... and now realizing how much he’s going to miss her. Propped against a bale, Sara draws an image of her parents reuniting with her on a mountainside. Her pencil work has grown more detailed and refined during this forced isolation. Jean-Paul gives Sara a suitcase for her impending journey while Vivienne measures a warm sweater against Sara’s torso. Sara steals a glance at Julien across the loft.  very, very fast. Sara and Julien on another “drive,” this time Julien at the wheel, pointing out the sights to Sara -- Sara beams excitedly out the windshield... at AN AFRICAN VELDT populated by lions and zebras.  Almost too fast. About to leave, Julien pauses to rub a finger along the rim of the lamp. Sara grins curiously, wondering what he’s up to -- when Julien turns to reveal he’s grease-blackened his eyebrows and smudged on a Charlie Chaplin mustache. Then, with the practiced moves of someone who’s watched Chaplin films countless times, Julien does a pitch-perfect imitation of “The Tramp” saying goodbye, tipping his hat (beret) with his “cane” (crutch), then leaning on the “cane” with both hands and batting his lashes. Sara cracks up, surprised and delighted. Julien passes under the marquee and enters the empty lobby, past a poster for Chaplin’s “City Lights” half-concealed by a poster for “The Rothschilds,” its artwork an anti-Semitic caricature of Mayer Rothschild, grinning greedily. Julien opens the door, eager to find Georges... but it’s empty. Assumes George is in the WC at the edge of the room. Julien notices a film reel unspooled from a projector in an unruly pile. He frowns, confused -- when he hears the faintest sound of VOICES below... Julien arriving at the last of the stairs, making as little noise as possible with his crutches, the voices growing louder now. He hugs a wall, careful to stay out of sight... A squad of MILICE are ransacking the cellar. Film cans have been pried open, revealing they are filled with smuggled bullets and guns. watches breathlessly, and then his eyes go wide in horror -- Georges’s body lies face down in the corner, blood soaking through the back of his shirt. The MILICE COMMANDER turns to the youngest in the squad.  what happens to traitors. The three youngest turn and we recognize Vincent among them. Julien fleeing fast as he can, but his crutches can only move so quickly and he must negotiate the sloped aisle... Suddenly he hears the boys’ ROWDY VOICES about to enter! Julien manages to scramble to the floor, hiding between two seat rows just as Vincent and two other MILICE TEENS enter. One of them fires his pistol at the movie screen. The other thinks this looks fun, unloads on it too... as Vincent walks the rows, slashing open seat backs with a combat knife. TIGHT ON JULIEN HIDING, desperate to stay silent. He can see their feet and legs moving past, hear their aggressive laughter, their violence nearing him... He starts to crawl away on his chest, quiet as he can -- and then he freezes on seeing -- A FIGURE crouched at the far end of the row, unseen by the Milice: it’s one of Georges’ young Resistance fighters. The man is clutching his rifle, lining up a clean shot -- -- at Vincent, whose back is to him... Julien is gripped by panic, torn but unable to just watch Vincent be executed this way... His mind racing, Julien abruptly grabs his crutch -- -- and SMACKS it loudly against the seat back! Both the Resistance Fighter and Vincent spin to the noise -- -- and in doing so Vincent sees the Resistance Fighter about to shoot him -- Vincent dives just as the bullet misses him! The other two Milice fire back at the Resistance Fighter, who takes cover, returning more fire as he’s joined by another Resistance Fighter -- Julien seizes his chance and clambers across the floor unseen, finally making it to the opposite aisle, slipping out the nearest door as gunfire rattles the theater behind him. Julien’s crutches clack noisily against the cobblestone as he moves as fast as he can, expression still etched in fear. Julien stares off, still very shaken, and now despondent. Julien meets her eyes, and nods firmly. They sit in silence a moment, listening to the RAIN tapping on the roof. Then, hoping to lift his spirits: Julien glances over at her. She reaches for the paper he’d brought her, and we see that almost every square inch has been covered in drawings. She points to one of a few drawings she’d made of the white bird. The detail is pretty astounding. Julien regards the drawing, forcing himself to smile -- but Sara can see he’s too overwhelmed to be distracted by this. Julien barely nods. She can see his hand is shaking... She reaches out and gently retrieves her drawing. She’s a bit embarrassed. A beat, then softly: FLASH ON YOUNG SARA, MAX AND ROSE PICNICING IN THE BLUEBELLS - A perceptible sadness enters Sara’s voice as she continues: The melody’s last few words are hardly audible. Sara glances up at him with an effortful smile. Julien is visibly moved. SS troops arriving, swastikas painted on their vehicles. A NAZI FLAG is draped from the balcony of the village’s only hotel, German soldiers and French police gathered out front. The elderly Lafleurs grimly peer out a window -- -- as below Vivienne bids Jean-Paul goodbye as he heads off to “work.” We recognize the area as where Julien and Sara emerged after escaping through the Ecole’s sewers. A CHECKPOINT has now been set up on the road, manned by heavily-armed SOLDIERS. Jean-Paul finishes building for Sara a clever, easy-to- conceal writing desk that hinges to the floor of the hayloft. Vivienne chats with Sara while Sara eats hungrily. A crutch slides through the hole by the floor... then a second crutch... then a pack of playing cards... Sara and Julien animatedly playing Belote (a card game) by candlelight, gossiping about other kids from school. They both reach for a card at the same time -- and their hands touch. Both instantly glance up, meeting each other’s eyes, the mutual attraction like a current in the air -- -- then just as quickly drop their eyes, feigning an intense interest in their respective cards. Sara and Julien still talking, the candle melted to a nub. Julien hobbles along the cobblestone street, regarded with pity by those who notice him. He pauses before the Cinema Mernuit; its marquee is blank, its doors spray-painted “JEW LOVER.” Windows smashed. The booth has been equally vandalized. Film dumped everywhere. A projector toppled on the floor. Sara and Julien sit in opposite corners, Julien reading a biography of Edison, Sara sketching in a novel’s margins. Julien steals a look at Sara, smitten... then quickly drops his eyes back to the page. A beat later, Sara glances up from her sketch to steal a look at Julien. Sara and Julien peering out the small window at the stars above, talking in intimate, hushed voices. SARA’S POV OUT THE SAME WINDOW: watching Julien hobble away. Julien “gallantly” opens the car door for Sara. He closes the car door for her. Sara sits, waiting for Julien, when she hears a dull THUMP on the car roof over her head. She’s startled -- Sara grins, intrigued. Sara obeys and closes her eyes. She waits like this a moment, then hears the sound of the ENGINE SPARK, the car sputtering to life. Sara reluctantly shuts her eyes again. She can hear the sound of the driver’s door open, and Julien climbing in. Sara waits a moment, then peeks an eye open -- and suddenly opens both eyes wide... ... as through the windshield, it looks like they are literally driving down a neon-lit Broadway -- a black-and- white Broadway as seen in the 1930s musical film... ...that is being projected from atop the car roof by the projector Julien has recovered from the Cinema Mernuit and now powered by rigging it to the car’s battery. Sara stares in total awe, floored by Julien’s ingenuity and by the sheer beauty of the moment - like a sort of homemade, hybrid drive-in movie/V.R. ride circa 1943... It’s magical. Julien beams, lost in the moment as well. And so are we. We stay with them like this, as enraptured as they are, until the BLACK AND WHITE of celluloid Broadway projected on the old barn wall finally DISSOLVES TO -- THE FIRST YELLOWS AND REDS of autumn now dappling the woods. Children with book sacks walking, scootering and biking up the road to school. We find Mariann and Sophie among them. Pastor Luc stands by the gate, welcoming the students back. Julien keeps a low profile as he moves past Vincent and his gang -- but to no avail: Others laugh at Julien, who refuses to make eye contact. Jerome nudges Vincent, and they start after Julien to torment him more -- when Pastor Luc arrives and stops Julien first. Julien takes a seat across from Pastor Luc’s desk. Pastor Luc smiles warmly, but there is a weariness in it. He rises, and Julien follows suit, but as Pastor Luc reaches over to shake his hand, Julien notices something on a shelf -- Sara’s sketchbook! Carefully stored up here along with some other items the Jewish children were forced to leave behind. He drops his eyes before Pastor Luc realizes he’s seen it. The bustle of kids filing out at the end of the day. POV THROUGH AN UPSTAIRS WINDOW: we see Pastor Luc heading home as well, climbing onto his bicycle. REVERSE ON JULIEN at the window. WIDEN to As Julien quickly hurries down the empty corridor... The door creaks open and Julien enters. He hesitates just a moment -- then takes Sara’s sketchbook off the shelf. ANONYMOUS POV FROM DOWN THE HALL: Julien slips out, eyes peeled to check if anyone’s watching, then hurries off. We hear the sound of a BIG BAND playing swing as we SLOW PAN over to... Sara dancing by herself, lost in her imagination (as evidenced by a wider shot to remind us there’s no actual music playing). She’s letting loose, savoring a tiny taste of freedom, at least in her mind -- -- when she abruptly stops, hearing a familiar sound that brings a bigger grin to her face... Sara hurries to the hole through which Julien always sneaks in: he’s already slid one crutch through, the second crutch follows, then his book bag... then finally Julien himself. Getting to his feet, he pauses, noticing how she’s a little out of breath, her hair still a bit wild from the dancing. Julien reaches into his book bag; it takes Sara less than a second to recognize her sketchbook as he takes it out. She cuts him off with an impulsive hug around his neck. The impulsive physical contact reverberates through them a beat -- then, chuckling nervously, Sara returns to her cherished book, flipping through page by page. Julien peers over her shoulder at the myriad drawings of birds, animals, random objects -- and then, that sketch she had drawn of Vincent. Sara quickly glances up at Julien to find he’s staring at it too; he’s clearly stung, but tries not show it. Sara, however, is abashed. A SUDDEN SOUND from outside the barn stops them both. They hold their breath, listening to FOOTSTEPS approaching fast. Julien instantly extinguishes the hurricane lamp. Darkness. Terrified, Sara scrambles up to -- Hiding in a corner beneath the rafters, she conceals herself in the hay; she can hear the rustle of bats above her, stirred -- then the barn door suddenly BANG open below. We see three young men shining a flashlight as they enter. As our eyes adjust to the glare, we recognize Vincent, Jerome, and another teen (HENRI). Vincent swings his flashlight... to find Julien bent over the open hood of the car, illuminated by his hurricane lamp - as if they just interrupted him trying to repair the engine. They’re moving in closer, leering menacingly. He nudges Vincent, who follows his flashlight beam to a far corner, where we see Julien has left the projector. SMACK! Vincent backhands Julien with his flashlight and Julien drops to the floor. Henri KICKS Julien in the ribs. Julien HOWLS in pain. INSERT: SARA HIDING IN THE LOFT Listening in horror... The sound of two more kicks. BACK TO JULIEN AND THE TEENS Vincent pulls Julien up by his collar. Julien glares back at him, fear mingling with rage and pain. He punches Julien across the face, hurls him to the ground. Hears this, terrified for Julien. She can’t stop herself from crawling to the edge of the loft to see -- Vincent has dropped his flashlight and is crouched over Julien now. He lifts him just enough to PUNCH him again - then again - each one harder. Jerome and Henri get nervous. CRACK of Vincent’s fist across Julien’s face again. Again. Julien spits blood, staring up helplessly... when he sees -- (JULIEN’S POV) SARA PEERING DOWN IN HORROR FROM THE LOFT Julien tries to shake his head, urging her to stay hidden -- (JULIEN’S POV) BUT SARA SEEMS DESPERATE TO SAVE HIM SOMEHOW -- Vincent starts to turn his head, when -- Vincent immediately glowers back down at Julien. Vincent flashes anger, cocking his fist to pummel him again -- When Julien quickly grabs for VINCENT’S FLASHLIGHT and swings the beam up, aiming directly into Illuminating the small army of bats nesting there! They start to react to the light, stirring restlessly... Even Vincent looks creeped out -- Julien still shining the beam’s bright light directly at the bats, their agitated noises growing louder... louder... LOUDER -- AND SUDDENLY THE BATS SWARM DOWN EN MASSE FROM THE RAFTERS! Vincent dives as bats swoosh right over him, his pals already bolting out the door screaming, Vincent darting close behind as the bats burst out the barn door with him... Amazed, she hurries to the slat in the wall, peers out... to see the three teens running down the road, disappearing into the darkness. Julien tries to sit up, blood caked around his nose and mouth. Staining his shirt. Sara arrives below, rushing to his side as he fumbles for his crutches. Tears sting Julien’s eyes as he glares at a stunned Sara. Sara takes a step back, on the verge of tears herself. He turns from her so she can’t see his furious tears. A painful silence. Then: He grabs his other crutch and hobbles to the door. Sara retreats to the loft as she hears him leaving, shutting the door behind him... and then allows her own tears to flow. Jean-Paul fights back tears of his own as he sits by his son’s bed, watching Vivienne apply an ice pack to his face. Sara peers down sadly at her old sketchbook, flipping slowly, page after page. She arrives at her sketch of Vincent. Stares at it a beat -- then tears the page out, crumples it and adds it to the flame burning in her hurricane lamp. Vivienne and Jean-Paul meeting with Pastor Luc.  he goes near Julien again. Pastor Luc nods, allows a painful sigh. Vivienne is washing Sara’s hair. Vivienne glances down at her, confused. Vivienne nods gently. Sara peers up at her. The last leaves of autumn flutter from the trees that line the field, night falling on the stone barn.  still Julien stayed away. The white bird is resting. Sara reaches out very carefully, and it allows her to stroke its feathers. She smiles sadly. She hears the familiar sound of crutches on a dirt road. She peers out the slat to see Julien returning home from school. He does not look up at the barn. Sara is lying back, trying to force herself to sleep -- when she hears another familiar sound: a crutch sliding in through the hole in the barn’s siding. Sara quickly sits up, scurrying to the edge of the loft -- to see the second crutch slide in. She holds her breath, peering down... as a deck of cards then slides through. A hopeful smile spreads across her face. Sara and Julien playing Belote, but neither one is talking. It’s as awkward as we’ve ever seen them. Sara flips a card. They keep playing in uncomfortable silence. More silence. Julien staring hard at his cards -- and then abruptly sets them down. He stops himself. Struggling for the words. He scoffs. Julien just picks up his cards, stares at them. He looks up at her, smiles a little. Touched. They share a wry gallows smile. Sara shrugs, at once embarrassed and grateful. A beat, both smiling, relieved to be patching things up. She tosses her winning hand down in front of him. Julien scoops up the cards and deals a new hand. Sara smiles, beyond relieved to have him back with her again. Snow falls on the village. German military trucks squeeze through snowy streets. Madame Ballou’s bakery is a shell of itself, now reduced to a few hard loaves handed out to rowdy Nazi troops. Vincent and other young men in black Milice uniforms are issued automatic rifles by their Nazi handlers. Vincent returns a Seig Heil salute and a “Heil Hitler!” TWO OLD MEN shiver in the snow as Vincent and another Milice roughly demand to see their papers. Julien struggles to maneuver crutches through knee-deep snow. Sweaty and half-frozen, Julien hobbles past Pastor Luc’s office, but a NEW PASTOR is there now. Sara marks her height against a post. She steps back, sees she’s grown at least two inches since she came here. She regards her body, her figure less girlish, more mature. She runs a hand through her hair, longer than before. Sara drawing in her sketchbook... a portrait of Julien. She smiles to herself as she fills in details of his face. Sara is working on the day’s math assignment while Julien frowns over a small piece of wood he’s whittling. Julien sets his knife down, shows the results to Sara. Julien grins, fully aware of his artistic limitations. TIGHT ON SARA watching Julien as he laughs. We can see something has stirred in her... a feeling that has blossomed beyond mere friendship. TIME LAPSE: THE SNOW THAT BLANKETS THE FIELD AND BARN GIVES WAY TO THE FIRST GREENS OF SPRING... Sara hears the familiar sound of Julien arriving at the hole in the barn. Sara hurries down from the loft... ... to find a small package on the floor? Like a little present, wrapped in newspaper. She picks it up, unwraps it -- -- and discovers a little wooden bird, hand-whittled by Julien. Sara beams, when --  VIVIENNE/JEAN PAUL/JULIEN (O.S.) Sara looks surprised, turns to see the barn door open and the Beaumier family enter, Vivienne carrying a chocolate cake with a candle in it. Jean-Paul is toting a small radio.  VIVIENNE/JEAN PAUL/JULIEN (CONT'D) Vivienne sets the cake down on the small table. She meets Julien’s eyes just a moment, then blows out her candle. Vivienne and Jean-Paul clap, hug her lovingly. The family and Sara hungrily eating the delicious cake. They all laugh. Vivienne turns to her husband. Jean-Paul turns on the little radio, careful to keep the volume low. We hear the sound of a big band playing the Duke Ellington ballad “In a Sentimental Mood.” Vivienne happily accepts and starts to dance with Jean-Paul. She steals a quick look over her shoulder at Julien, nodding toward Sara ala “go on,” but he looks uncertain. Julien turns to find Sara before him, holding out a hand, smiling but a little nervous herself. Julien hesitates - then sets his crutches aside, allows her to help him to his feet... and they dance, he with crutches. Sara can feel Julien’s body trembling with the effort required to dance without crutches, and does her best to keep him supported without making him self-conscious. Their faces are quite close, Julien holding his breath, taking in her smell, her proximity. She leans in to him. Sara chuckles. He smiles. They dance. And then -- The Beaumiers, Julien and Sara go still, listening intently: Vivienne and Jean-Paul embrace each other, then the kids. Everyone hugging, flush with hope, tears of joy flowing. We hold on them like this, hugging each other. Celebrating. Sara fast asleep on her hay bed, a faint smile still lingering on her face. Sara stirs at a sound from below, looking alarmed. She breathes relief, crawls sleepily to the edge of the loft. In her sweater and shoes, Sara joins Julien by the door. Sara steps out of the barn, taking a moment to embrace this small sense of freedom. She blinks back a tear. She trails off, overcome by the thought. He smiles at her. He starts off on his crutches. She follows, greedily inhaling the cool night air. Julien leading Sara through a dense maze of trees. Julien nods, keeps leading the way. Julien continues to lead them up an incline. They’re almost at the peak. Julien pauses, turns to Sara. Sara looks around at the dark trees, confused. Julien nods for her to follow him just a few more steps. Sara does... and suddenly her eyes go wide in amazement. She turns to him, beaming. He smiles back at her. Sara gazes out ahead of her as we come around to see... THE FOREST FLOOR BEFORE THEM IS A SEA OF BLUEBELLS, LITERALLY SPARKLING IN THE MOONLIGHT. Sara is overwhelmed by its beauty and the intense nostalgia it evokes. She and Julien start forward into the clearing together, as if in a shared dream. For a moment, neither dares break the spell. Finally: He exhales, nervous. She turns to him, searching his face. Sara leans in and KISSES him. It’s a bit awkward at first, clearly a first kiss for both... ...but in moments they’re swept up in it, the kiss more passionate, the pair holding each other tight in the glowing sea of bluebells. Sara and Julien returning as they came, but now her hand is holding his where it meets his crutch, the two walking side by side as she leans her head on his shoulder. Sara and Julien inside again. But neither one wants to move. They chuckle. He finally kisses her one last time. Sara climbs up into the hayloft, returns a moment later with her sketchbook. He’s at once surprised and moved. She nods, smiling as she hands it to him. Julien starts for the door, floating on a cloud, his heart brimming. He turns back to Sara as she’s climbing back up to the loft, and waves his cap high above his head: Sara beams back, her heart just as full as Julien finalizes his departure with a Chaplin-esque “hat” and “cane” goodbye. Our first time here, the room is small but entirely Julien, books stacked everywhere, walls decorated with old lobby cards for films by Chaplin, Keaton and the Marx Brothers. Julien lies in bed, staring at a page in Sara’s sketchbook... it’s the portrait she’s drawn of him. We can feel her love for him in every detail, every carefully etched line. On the opposite page, we see a poem she’s written, that begins: “I used to be afraid of the night...” Julien stares at the words, the drawing. His head swimming. No chance of him ever falling asleep tonight. Sara lies in bed, smiling at the little wooden bird Julien worked so hard to carve for her. Sara leans back, blissful -- FLASHBACK TO HOURS EARLIER: JULIEN SMILING BACK AT SARA AS HE WAVES HIS CAP OVER HIS HEAD.  see his face again. Julien getting dressed for school, still re-reading the poem beside Sara’s portrait of him. Julien quickly stuffs the sketchbook into his book bag a second before Vivienne opens the door. He bounds up on his crutches, kissing her on the cheek as he hurries past, unable to conceal his buoyant spirit. Julien just grins and hurries down the stairs. Vivienne chuckles, intuiting the reason for his good mood. Julien is hurrying along the street, book bag strapped across his chest, a far away smile lingering on his face. Julien fails to notice a group of GERMAN SOLDIERS gathered by a pair of military vehicles, chatting with some Milice. We recognize Vincent among them; a bit in awe of the soldiers, listening eagerly to their conversation, laughing hard at their jokes... when Vincent’s focus falls on the familiar figure hobbling up the street. Vincent smirks, happy for this stroke of luck. He taps one of the German officers, gestures toward Julien, approaching. Still unaware of them -- until he is. He slows, realizing his grave mistake... he turns to avoid their notice, when -- Julien halts, debating whether to flee or not. It’s too late, the Soldier and a second Soldier are marching over.  Papers. Julien reaches into his bag, nervously finds his papers. Julien is about to protest, but they each seize an arm, yanking him forward, knocking his bag to the ground. They shove him into the open door of a jeep, slam it shut. One of them barks something in German to the driver -- and before Julien can get another word out the jeep ROARS away. Among the witnesses is a MAN in a sewer worker’s uniform. ON VINCENT Proud of his handiwork, he crosses to the spot where Julien was just taken. Julien’s ragged book bag, his cap, and one of his crutches lay strewn on the street. Vincent kicks the crutch aside, then bends and rifles through Julien’s bag to see if there’s anything worth seizing. Just some books, a pencil... wait - what’s this? A sketchbook. Curious, Vincent picks it up, and as he starts to flip through pages, we see on his face: he recognizes it. A dark, puzzled look as he lifts his eyes, working over why Sara Blum’s sketchbook would somehow be in Tourteau’s bag... And all it once, it hits him. Sara stirs to the sound of the fluttering of wings. She sits up, finds her white bird has returned to its little perch. Sara smiles at it, still buzzing from last night -- when something startles the white bird, and it takes flight. Sara’s puzzled -- when she hears a faint sound outside: a motorized whining, coming nearer...? Worried, Sara moves to the slats the bird just vacated, peers out... SARA’S POV: A young man in a Milice uniform comes roaring down the road on a motorbike. Sara looks concerned -- -- then instantly alarmed when the rider looks up: Vincent. Jean-Paul is changing into his sewer worker’s uniform -- He looks up to find the Sewer Worker who witnessed Julien’s arrest hurrying over, lowering his voice: Jean-Paul immediately goes ashen -- Vincent has left his motorbike in the tall grass, marches quietly to the barn door -- then KICKS it in with his boot. Vincent enters, stalking through the barn, automatic rifle in hand, a predatory grin on his handsome face. Hiding in the bales, Sara holds her breath, terrified, listening to his boots clomping through the barn below. Vincent takes his time, savoring the hunt. He raises his gun and UNLEASHES A THUNDEROUS ROUND OF GUNFIRE into the old car, shattering the windows and punching holes in its rusty sides. IN THE HAYLOFT Sara shudders at the concussive noise, clutching herself tighter, when: Sara’s terror spiking, eyes gripped in fear... Vincent prowls, scanning the barn. Vincent’s eyes land on the loft. Whatever’s up there is concealed by the stacks of hay bales. Vincent smirks... Then whips his gun up and fires a spray of automatic rounds up at the loft, the majority of them punching holes in the barn’s ceiling. Dozens of light beams spill in from above. Petrified. Beams strafe the shadows in which she’s hidden. She peers up through the hay bales, listening in horror... ... to the sound of Vincent starting to climb up on the barrel that allows access to the loft... Rifle strapped across his back, he reaches for the hayloft ledge to pull himself up -- -- when Sara’s foot comes down hard on his knuckles! Vincent falls back down to the barn floor. Above him he can hear Sara scrambling -- Sara frantically climbs up a post and punches at the holes in the roof, creating a hole large enough to crawl up through... She reaches up and does just that -- as around her more gunshots shred the hayloft and the roof! Sara bolts along the rooftop to the edge -- and JUMPS -- -- landing with a hard THUD on the muddy ground below. She leaps to her feet and takes off in a sprint when -- BANG! The barn door slams open behind her, then the sound of MORE GUNSHOTS! Sara refuses to glance back, sprinting with all her might toward the treeline beyond! Sara bolting through the maze of trees, nearly tumbling over roots, branches ripping at her arms. Running... Running... Running... she gasps for breath, desperately searching for the best path to escape... She clambers down an incline -- -- and abruptly freezes. Follow her gaze up ahead to find... A LARGE WOLF. The ferocious-looking creature is rooting through something in the wet leaves, temporarily distracted. Sara holds her breath, backing away as noiselessly as she can... Then breaks into a run again, searching for another direction to flee... when she hears the sound of rapid boot-fall coming closer! She looks around, terrified of being spotted -- -- she does the only thing she can: ducks behind the biggest tree she can find, her back pressed against its large trunk. Jogs into view, automatic rifle raised. He scans the trees around him, knows she couldn’t have gotten far. He OPENS FIRE into the trees, shredding trunks, the gunshots echoing eerily throughout the Mernuit. Shuts her eyes, knows it’s only a matter of time before he finds her - and if she runs, he’ll shoot her for sure... Still firing with abandon, until the CLIK-CLIK-CLIK sound tells him his magazine is spent. He ejects it, hunting in his belt for a fresh one -- -- when Sara bolts from behind the tree and makes a run for it! Vincent laughs cruelly and sprints after her, hot on her tail... Sara running as hard as she can, stealing just a glance back - when her foot snags a root and she goes flying, hitting the ground hard! She frantically starts to pick herself up -- Sara freezes, peers up to find Vincent is only some 20 yards away. She’s trapped. He stalks toward her, taking his time freeing his magazine from his belt, loading it into his weapon with an ominous CH-CHHUNK. Sara peers up at him, and somehow through her terror and despair, her anger fights through and she finds her voice: Vincent frowns, what the hell’s she talking about? Vincent scoffs - he doesn’t believe her, nor does he care. Sara hesitates -- She gets to her feet, glaring, scared but defiant. Sara raises her hands, puts them behind her head. Sara stares back at him, realizes he’s going to shoot her. She turns her back to him, and takes a steadying breath, realizing she’s about to die. She hears Vincent’s shallow breathing... the rustle of his gun against his shirt... a short inhalation as he raises its stock to shoot -- then another noise -- like a SNARL? VINCENT HEARS IT TOO. Surprised, his eyes dart to the sound -- -- glimpsing for only a split second the huge wolf to his left! Vincent whips his gun toward the animal -- -- as the WOLF LUNGES, Vincent’s gunfire too wild and too late as the wolf lands on him and sends him tumbling under its weight, its ferocious jaws gnashing at him -- SARA BOLTS FOR COVER behind the nearest tree, unable to watch as she hears the wolf mauling Vincent. Another quick burst of gunfire, an injured HOWL from the animal... and then she hears it limping away. The Mernuit goes eerily still. Sara stays frozen a moment, then braves a look. She can just make out Vincent’s body lying in the wet leaves. Sara pads closer, can now see Vincent has been fatally mauled, gasping his dying breaths, eyes wide and unblinking. Horrified, Sara is about to flee -- when she sees something in the leaves where Vincent had first been knocked down: Julien’s book bag? Alarmed, she rushes to pick it up, finds her sketchbook inside. All at once, she puts it together and knows the worst has happened... The world is almost eerily tranquil, grass rustling in the breeze, the old stone barn visible in the distance... when Sara comes racing into view, running as hard as she can. She blows right past the barn, not thinking of her own safety, not thinking of anything but Julien’s welfare -- Sara races along the same street she’s been observing for a year now, the one Julien takes home from school each day... Up ahead is the Beaumier’s home. Sara rushes across the -- a CAR HORN BLARES as she’s nearly hit by a farm truck hauling potatoes! Sara gasps, the DRIVER staring back at her suspiciously through his windshield. Sara acts like she lives here, continues to the Beaumier’s. She tries the door. Locked. She BANGS twice. No answer. She looks around -- spies a trellis along the side of the building, and a window open just a crack on the second floor. She makes for it, careful to act casual as she steals a look back at the farmer’s truck, now idling down the street. Sara scales up the trellis, nearly losing her footing. She makes it to the window, forces it open -- -- and slips inside. Silence. She peers around; she’s never been in here before. Feeling something wet underfoot, she realizes her cut-up bare feet are leaving bloody footprints. Sara searching. The house appears empty. Still no sign of the Beaumiers. Sara tries another door -- it’s locked. She tugs on it harder, but it won’t give. She turns away, and then notices something on the wall: a faded wedding photograph of a young couple we do not recognize - definitely not Vivienne and Jean-Paul...? Sara freezes, turning her head to see MONSIEUR LAFLEUR a few feet away, an old shotgun in his frail hands trained on her. A frantic-looking Jean-Paul and Vivienne stand breathless before an impatient and evasive MILICE OFFICER. The Officer glowers, starts to rise -- Vivienne tugs Jean-Paul away. She peers around, helpless and terrified, unsure where to turn -- She glances up to find a young Officer staring furtively at her: it’s Jerome, Vincent’s pal, his expression tinged with guilt. He discreetly signals for them to follow him out -- Vivienne and Jean-Paul wait anxiously as Jerome joins them, his voice hushed and weighted by conscience. Jean-Paul reaches for Vivienne as she chokes back a cry. Sara and Monsieur Lafleur as we left them, the old man training his shotgun on a terrified Sara -- -- when an old woman (MADAME LAFLEUR) steps into the hallway behind her husband, looking almost as fearful as Sara. Sara takes a step closer and Lafleur waves his gun. They all turn to find another OLD MAN (bearded, frailer) emerging from the locked door, another OLD WOMAN behind him. They’re dressed in overcoats. The woman carries a valise. Sara looks shell-shocked, and then she recognizes him: Lafleur lowers his gun, exchanging a wary look with his wife. It starts to make sense to Sara; she’s reeling when Mme. Bernstein approaches and wraps an arm around her. Sara looks distraught. She shakes her head no. The Bernsteins accept her choice. Bernstein turns to Lafleur and embraces him tightly. The Old Women do the same. The Lafleurs stand at the same window from which we’d seen them peering out before... watching as the Bernsteins are helped into the back of the same farmer’s truck that nearly ran Sara down. The Driver conceals them in potato sacks. In a moment, the Driver is back in the cab and driving away. The couple turn to Sara, now seated at their table, no less distraught but helpless to do more than wait, busying herself by washing the blood from her feet in a small basin. Mme. Lafleur senses Sara’s trauma, about to ask her more -- Sara leaps to her feet, races to the window... ACROSS THE STREET she can see Vivienne running for the barn. Sara tugs open the window -- Vivienne halts, takes her a second to realize where Sara’s shouting from. She’s stunned to find Sara standing in the Lafleur’s window, the old couple on either side of her. Vivienne looks utterly devastated as we finishes explaining to Sara and the Lafleurs: The old couple share a quick look. Mme. Lafleur springs to her feet. She reaches into a cupboard, takes down a tin box. She opens the lid, revealing a wad of bills. Vivienne’s eyes well, overwhelmed with gratitude. Vivienne hurries into the passenger seat of Lafleur’s old Citroën as he starts it. In a moment they’re speeding away... Sara stands at a window, anxiously watching the old Citroën disappear from view. The street is unsettlingly quiet again. The only sound is Sara’s breathing as she stares out, stricken. We see Mme Lafleur outside picking up the motorcycle and rolling in into the barn. Sara finally steps away from the window. Peers around this small space where the Bernsteins were hiding for two years. A military truck climbs a steep and snaking road. UP AHEAD we see a MILITARY BLOCKADE coming into view. As the truck nears, the Nazi soldiers stationed there step forward with weapons ready, halting the truck. The MILICE DRIVER rolls his window down. The Blockade Commander eyes the driver irritably. The Blockade Commander frowns. Through the windshield the Driver observes the Commander march back to his men, orders one to hand him a radio... We find a collection of HOSPITAL PATIENTS, almost twenty in all, crammed in here. Some appear mentally ill; others are visibly infirm. Among them we find Julien, looking scared. Julien glances up. Julien hesitates, then shakes his head no. The Older Patient regards him kindly, about to say something of comfort -- -- when the panel doors are pulled open, and harsh daylight spills in. The German Commander is standing there, two of his TROOPS beside him, as well as the truck’s Driver. Julien tenses as he sees their Milice Driver drop his eyes guiltily. He realizes they’re being lied to --  Let’s go. Out! Move it! Julien looks to the Older Patient, who appears gravely worried as well. The first of the prisoners nevertheless begin to climb out. Julien has no choice but to follow, using only his one remaining crutch to walk. Sara as we left her; terrified for Julien... when she sees something at the little window that surprises her... THE WHITE BIRD. It’s flying over her barn, just visible in the distance. The sight of it brings a worried, sad smile to her face. As if its mere presence gives her some hope... Staring out at the bird soaring farther away, she’s moved to quietly sing, her voice trembling, almost like a prayer: The Guards wait for the last of the Prisoners to dismount. Julien can see the other German Guards by the blockade eyeing them disdainfully; one of them smirks. Julien glances back at their Milice Driver, who still refuses to look at them...? Julien turns to him, alarmed. The group begins to pace fearfully toward the woods ahead. The Prisoners now marching between the trees, trailed by the Commander and his two Troops. A few of the prisoners are starting to cry, aware of their fates. Others steal terrified glances back at the officers. A BEARDED PATIENT looks determined, however; he sneaks a low whisper to the Patient beside him: The other PATIENT considers this, then nods grimly. The Patient inconspicuously slows a beat, then whispers inaudibly to the man beside him. But as the group continues deeper into the woods, we see that word is slowly managing to spread among the prisoners. Word reaches the Older Patient, who glances uneasily at Julien hobbling on one crutch. A beat, then he whispers: Julien peers back at him... The Lafleurs’ car comes racing up the winding road. The remaining Guards at the roadblock hurry out to stop them. The passenger door opens and Vivienne leaps out. Vivienne sees the Driver eyeing her as he smokes, and instantly she knows what this means. Gripped by terror: She desperately waves a fistful of bills at the Guards. The Guards exchange wary glances. One of them nods to another, who reaches out and takes her money. She gasps relief, quickly follows the Guard toward the trees. The Prisoners even deeper in the woods now. The Guards exchanging looks, their hands tighter on their gun stocks. His gaze shifting from his captors to his fellow prisoners, all of whom are staring dead ahead now, feigning obedience. Julien looks breathless, struggling on his crutch as he sees the Bearded Prisoner steal a furtive look to the others. It’s nearly time. Julien cranes his neck as if to take one last look at the trees and the clear blue sky... when the most unexpected thing happens. He cracks a small smile. Follow his gaze up to see -- A WHITE BIRD flying overhead. Sara as she was, singing very quietly to herself: Watching the white bird soar over, Julien is somehow moved to quietly sing under his breath a snippet of the song as well. The air is charged as the group enters the thicket; we can feel the prisoners about to make their run for it -- Vivienne running, desperate to catch them in time, the Border Guard annoyed at having to keep up with her... The Prisoners in the midst of the thicket, Julien seems mysteriously calmer now, as if the presence of the white bird above has reminded him of Sara... The Germans look shocked as the Prisoners suddenly make a run for it en masse, bolting into the trees in all directions! The Commander barks an order and the Guards open fire on the escapees in a punishing barrage of AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE -- Jolted by the sudden GUNSHOTS echoing from up ahead, Vivienne goes white as a sheet, eyes wide in terror -- As if reacting subconsciously, tears begin to flow down Sara’s cheeks as she keeps softly singing through her fear: Julien running as fast as his legs allow, forcing himself to fight through their limitations as GUNFIRE RAGES around him. The Older Patient falls dead up ahead. PUSHING TIGHTER ON JULIEN’S FACE He’s willing himself to run harder... to flee... and now the GUNFIRE FADES TO SILENCE in his ears, until the only sound we hear is his labored breathing -- and: Bullets shred a tree trunk to his right, but he ignores it, just keeps running as hard as he possibly can... A glimmer of hope in Julien’s eyes, almost as if he can hear her singing. Transcendence seems just within reach... BANG! A sudden, single GUNSHOT RINGS OUT. Julien falls out of frame as the world goes totally SILENT. TOTAL AND UTTER SILENCE as we see Vivienne collapsing to the forest floor, screaming noiselessly... TOTAL AND UTTER SILENCE as Sara slumps against a wall, sits and hugs her knees to her chest, nothing more to do but wait. She stays like this. Waiting... Waiting... Waiting...  They never found Julien’s body. Monsieur Lafleur looks stricken as he struggles to help a hysterical Vivienne back into his car, the Nazis shouting angrily at her, their guns waving.  any closer. In fact, they quickly  denied a shooting had even taken Lafluer’s car rumbles into view. Slows to a halt. The sound of a door being unlocked, then opened... to reveal Sara pacing in the center of the room. She looks up. The moment she sees Vivienne and Jean-Paul’s devastated expressions in the doorway, she goes stock still. The Beaumiers slowly approach Sara, Vivienne cradling her in her arms as Sara begins to sob uncontrollably. Sara moves through Julien’s room, cherishing every object he left behind. His whittling knife, his Edison biography. But it’s the Charlie Chaplin lobby card that brings her to tears. Vivienne, Jean-Paul and Sara listen intently to the radio. Jean-Paul wraps an arm around Vivienne. Sara can see that even in their joy there is immeasurable sadness. youngest, people hug each other, laugh and cry. For the first time in almost two years, Sara walks among them, the Beaumiers behind her; she no longer needs to hide, yet there’s a timidity in her movements, a lingering distrust and a deep loneliness even amongst the revelers. She spies familiar faces like Madame Ballou’s. Sara looks conflicted, but has been through too much to begrudge anyone. And then she sees something up ahead, and slows. Sara arrives at the steps of her old building. Peers up. Sara enters her family’s home... to find it was ransacked long ago. Nothing of monetary value remains; the windows are cracked, and a layer of dust coats every surface. Sara looks sorrowful but unsurprised. She moves through the rooms, taking it all in -- then pauses, a flicker of relief to find an old photo album tossed in a corner. She carefully picks it up, flips through the pages of photos. Tears flood her eyes as she stares at herself at age thirteen, beaming between her two loving parents. Vivienne hugs Sara goodbye as she departs with her book bag. Sara approaches uncertainly, feeling exposed. It all feels a little unreal. She’s spotted by Mariann and Sophie, who seem equally uncertain how to act. They smile nervously, slowly approach her. Sara manages to smile back as they arrive before her. At least 1/4 of the desks are empty. Sara looks distracted as Pastor Robert teaches his class. Her gaze lingers on the empty desk in the spot where Julien always used to sit.  Then one day, in early November... Kids filing out of school, bundled in coats. Sara chatting with Mariann and Sophie, feigning a good mood as she listens to Sophie gossip about some boy she likes -- when Sara stops dead in her tracks, staring ahead in utter amazement... REVERSE ON THE FRONT GATE There, standing before her, is her father. Max’s hair is grayer now, he looks thinner, but the smile on his face tells us whatever he’s suffered has been worth it to find her. Sara rushes to him, overcome with joy, leaping into his arms as they embrace tightly, both of them tearful. Sara and Max sit on a bench, Max filling her in, unable to stop himself from hugging her every other minute. Sara and Max talking with Vivienne and Jean-Paul, Max thanking them profusely. As Vivienne speaks, Sara can’t help but notice a look on her father’s face, an effort to conceal a profound sadness. Max sits on the edge of Sara’s bed, gripped by emotion as he lowers his head and starts to explain something: Rose is buying some vegetables from a stall, when she notices TWO GENDARMES checking a list. She swallows, terrified... One of the Gendarmes looks up and his eyes meet Rose’s -- Rose suddenly drops her groceries and makes a run for it, the Gendarmes chasing after, shoving people out of their way. A Reichsbahn consisting of freight and cattle cars grinds to a halt. HUNDREDS OF JEWISH MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN are herded off the train, yellow stars sewn to their clothes. The prisoners look around fearfully, clocking the sinister barbed wire, the forbidding rows of barracks. Among these faces, we find Rose, peering around her, utterly forlorn. TIGHT ON ROSE’S FACE as she takes a last glance behind her, toward us -- Sara visible in the window, weeping in her father’s arms. The Beaumiers hug Sara tightly, Max standing beside them, gripping two suitcases. Vivienne fights back tears as she kisses Sara’s cheeks. Vivienne and Jean-Paul wave to Sara and Max as they depart. A beautiful SARA (AGE 25) stands with Max on her right, and Vivienne and Jean-Paul on her left, as the three of them walk her down the aisle. SARA (AGE 40) walks along the same road she once walked with Julien, only beside her now is her 14 year old DAUGHTER and 9 year old SON. Sara lays flowers beside a grave that reads: “ICI REPOSENT VIVIENNE BEAUMIER ET JEAN-PAUL BEAUMIER, MERE ET PERE DE JULIEN AUGUSTE BEAUMIER.” Sara smiles poignantly, taking each of her children’s hands. Grand-Mère’s smile identical at age 95. Julian peers back at her, in awe of all she’s been through. Moved in a way that is likely quite unusual for him. Julian nods, gripped by a flood of conflicted emotions. Grand-Mère rises, crosses to him -- and he hugs her tight. She pats his back, proud of his response. O.S. we can hear the sound of the front door opening. She rises, starts to clear the dishes.  GRAND-MÈRE  Merci, mon cher. She squeezes his hand, then exits the dining room; in a moment we hear her entering the foyer, greeting her son and daughter-in-law, asking how their “soiree” was. Julian picks up the dishes, about to carry them into the kitchen, when his eye lands on something... ONE OF A FEW OLD FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS on the far wall. He sets the dishes back down and approaches... There, in faded black and white, is that photo of 13-year-old Sara with her smiling parents that we’d seen in the album she recovered from her family’s ransacked home. Julian stares, moved by the girl his age smiling back at him in the photo, unaware of all that life has in store for her. Students filing in to school... We find Julien in his uniform, walking past the lockers, ignored by some, snickered at by others. But he seems less bothered by the stares now; instead searching the crowded hall -- until he sees who he’s looking for... CAROLINE, the girl we met at the start of our film. She’s standing at a folding table with two other kids, a hand-drawn “RALLY FOR IMMIGRANT RIGHTS IN BRYANT PARK THIS SATURDAY!” poster taped between the table legs. Caroline glances up, surprised to see Julian here. She hands him a sign-up sheet. Only a handful of names. SEAN and JESSIE return muted but welcoming hellos. Julian glances down at the rally flyers, and a phrase catches his eye: “SPECIAL GUEST SPEAKERS!” Caroline notices, cringes: Julien considers this a beat, then has an inspired idea: The three kids look back at him, puzzled... THOUSANDS OF ATTENDEES, mostly TEENS, fill the great lawn, many holding signs that read “NO WALLS, NO BANS!” “KEEP FAMILIES TOGETHER,” etc. AT THE PODIUM We find Caroline addressing the huge crowd. The crowd erupts in cheers and applause as Grand-Mère makes her way to the podium. She quietly thanks Caroline, then continues to the microphone as the crowd’s cheering swells. We find Julian in an event t-shirt, beaming proudly up at her, surrounded by some potential new friends. As she continues for the podium, we now see she is squeezing something in her hand, like a talisman: it’s the small carved bird that Julien made for her birthday all those years ago. She glances down at it, then sets it down on the podium and peers out at the sea of young faces before her. A renewed burst of applause and cheers. Grand-Mère looks momentarily overcome. She stares out across their hopeful faces, waving at her, cheering up at her... ...when she catches her breath. There, in their midst, is Julien Beaumier, age 15, looking just as he did the last night Sara saw him. He smiles back at her. Proud of her. Fortified, Grand-Mère returns an emotional smile, and begins: The crowd erupts as we soar up and over this inspiring sea of young people... to whom Grand-Mère now begins to tell her story, the sound fading as we soar higher... Higher over the park... higher... until we’re looking at the city’s skyline, the sun shining brightly, the sky a glorious blue... when A WHITE BIRD enters frame. We follow it on its journey toward the horizon, the city receding in the distance, the Statue of Liberty like a beacon far below. The white bird spreads its wings, and soars higher... higher... higher...