 © Universal Pictures / Blumhouse  A COOING NEWBORN, nestled at her mother’s breast, feeding.  VICKY McGEE rocks the child in a chair by an open window.  26 and bright-eyed, Vicky gazes down at the bundle of joy  cradled in her arms. She wipes milk from baby’s cheek with  a cloth. Then she looks up and smiles at...  ANDY McGEE, standing in the doorway, looking lovingly upon  his wife and child. He’s 27, with an All-American smile.  Soft morning light filters in, glows Vicky’s hair like a halo.  A gentle breeze flutters the long, sheer curtains.  An idyllic scene, a heightened reality, dreamlike...  Vicky lays the child gently in the nearby crib, then pulls  the string on the colorful MOBILE that hangs above it. The  mobile spins slowly, playing a familiar lullaby.  Then Vicky takes Andy’s hand, leads him down the hallway  toward the bedroom.  IN THE CRIB, the child lies there a moment, staring up at  mobile as it spins, spins, spins...  Then a whimper, soft. Then another.  Perhaps she wasn’t finished feeding. Or just misses the warmth  of mother’s embrace. Either way, baby starts to cry.  Quietly at first. Then louder, louder... Then VIBRATIONS.  DOWN THE HALL, Vicky turns into the bedroom. But Andy stops,  turns back. A strange feeling hitting him...  IN THE CRIB, the air DISTORTS SLIGHTLY around the child’s head  as she cries. Like WAVES OF HEAT rising off hot pavement.  Tears come harder now. Pain? Fear? Vibrations grow stronger.  Sweat beads on baby’s forehead. Flowers wilt across the room.  Then the spinning mobile CATCHES FIRE...  TENDRILS OF SMOKE waft out from the doorway...  Andy RUSHES back to the room... He turns into the doorway...  The flaming mobile... Crib full of smoke...  ON ANDY’S FACE as he arrives at the crib, leans over the  railing... and gasps in horror at what he sees inside.  His baby’s head engulfed in flames. SUDDENLY--  ANDY WAKES WITH A START. He sits up in bed, sweating, trying  to catch his breath. Rattled by the nightmare.  He turns to the body lying beside him. It’s Vicky, though we  don’t see her face. Turned away, fast asleep.  Andy climbs warily out of bed and shuffles to the bathroom.  Outside the windows, the deep blue of predawn.  LIGHTS POP ON, revealing Andy’s naked torso, covered in SCARS.  Small and not so small. On his arms, legs, neck. Burn marks.  He’s a decade older now, too. Mid-30s.  He splashes water on his face. We might wonder if he’s coming  off a three-day bender. Lines branch out from the corners of  his tired, bloodshot eyes. His short hair flecked with grey.  Andy shuffles down the darkened hallway, peers into a BEDROOM.  But the small bed inside is empty. This gives Andy pause.  ANDY  Charlie?  Andy enters the kitchen, stops. A FIGURE sits at the table,  unmoving. Then a cigarette lighter STRIKES, illuminating the  face of the silhouette. A young girl, 11. This is CHARLIE.  The flame goes out. Her face becomes silhouette. She tosses a  PACK OF CIGARETTES across the table.  She strikes it again. Her serious eyes focus on the flame.  The flame goes out. Darkness.  She sets it on the table. Andy hits the light. We see Charlie  more clearly now. She’s scared, troubled.  He knows what the Bad Thing is. But he covers his concern. He  studies his daughter’s eyes. Fear. Darkness. Then, carefully:  Andy glances over to FRESH FLOWERS in a vase on the hutch.  Then he turns, looks at a “CAT CLOCK” on the wall, its eyes  turning back and forth and back and forth.  Then to one of CHARLIE’S DRAWINGS on the fridge, a bucolic  scene of a forest and a deer by a stream.  Forest... Deer...  Saying the words with calm and rhythm, like a mantra.  Finally Andy’s eyes settle on Charlie.  Charlie breathes, calming. Andy sits at the table beside her,  puts his hand on hers.  They turn. Vicky, now mid-30s too, standing at the door,  rubbing sleep from her eyes. Andy looks at Charlie, who  smiles back, her fears assuaged. At least for now.  ANDY  He stands again, walks to the fridge, giving Vicky a kiss on  the cheek as he passes. Vicky moves to the table, sits next  to Charlie and puts an arm around her.  AS WE PULL BACK, taking in this loving family scene, we see a  dusty old FIRE EXTINGUISHER hidden in the corner.  We’ll soon discover there’s one in every room of the house.  MUSIC HITS AS WE ROLL CREDITS:  A discordant sequence. Image and sound distorted, manipulated.  As if coming to us from some distant past, a memory...  Speckled with video noise, it shudders before late ‘90s font  pops up. The text reads:  Dept. of Scientific Intelligence  J. Wanless, MD (lead)  The black screen holds a beat before it cuts to:  Staring into the lens of a Sony Handycam is YOUNG ANDY MCGEE,  21 and fresh-faced, with his whole life ahead of him.  He sits in a chair in front of a bland beige wall, answering  a series of questions from an UNSEEN MAN.  Andy wonders how honest he should be.  SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE of a different small, windowless room.  A dozen COLLEGE KIDS settle onto cots, as RESEARCH ASSISTANTS  in white lab coats hook them to blood pressure cuffs and IVs.  We glimpse Young Andy among the students.  Some of the White Coats hold syringes, others hold IV bags,  the words “LOT SIX” scrawled upon them in thick black ink.  UNSEEN MAN (PRE-LAP)  The same beige space, only now it’s YOUNG VICKY in the chair,  20 and wide-eyed. She looks slightly nervous.  There’s a question out of the blue. Vicky sits back, stares  into the camera. Wondering what this is all about.  SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE AGAIN.  Young Andy reclines on a cot, and now we see Young Vicky in  the cot beside him. Other students on cots scattered about.  Needles pierce veins. Blood swirls in syringes. White Coats  drip drugs into the arms of the college kids.  Standing at the front, observing it all, is the old and  ominous DR. JOSEPH WANLESS. He makes notes on paper, watching.  UNSEEN MAN (PRE-LAP)  is that correct?  CLOSER ON Young Andy. He shifts in his seat, uncomfortable.  Andy eyes the Unseen Man, growing skeptical.  The ad said this was just an FDA  clinical trial...?  The IV drips. Andy is splayed out on the cot, helplessly  stoned. He studies his hands as if they’re foreign objects.  Vicky giggles, tripping. She stands now, begins dancing to  the rhythms in her head. Andy watches her, entranced.  Around the room, strange feelings abound. More tripping and  laughter, weaving in and out of the white, antiseptic noise...  CLOSER ON Young Vicky. Growing more nervous now.  Either way, it’s entirely harmless.  UNSEEN MAN (O.S.)  It’s standard procedure, ma’am.  She considers it.  lying on a cot, surfing the internet.  ECU on a concerned Vicky, her face pixelated by old video.  Several students are standing now, swaying to the music in  their heads. One pulls out his IV and dances across the room.  But in moment, things turn...  People grab at their temples as migraines strike like iron  spikes. Muscles cramp and seize. Dizziness. The room spins...  And objects fly.  Paper cups, hand towels, IV bags. And a deadly hail of pens  and pencils. People duck and cover. Some get struck, go down.  MORE WHITE COATS flood the room. Seizures over here, cardiac  arrest over there. It’s madness.  Vicky and Andy move toward each other in the chaos, terrified.  Is this real? She reaches out for comfort. He takes her hand.  appear inexplicable by natural law?  ECU ON Young Andy. He’s very hesitant now.  Andy bites at his thumbnail. The man asks again:  appear inexplicable by natural law?  A long beat, then:  UTTER CHAOS. Objects FLY and people SCREAM. Andy and Vicky  hide behind a file cabinet, clinging together.  Then A MAN IN THE CORNER grabs at his own terrified eyes. Digs  his fingers into the sockets.  And screams like holy hell.  The White Coats descend, wrestle him down, try to sedate him.  WE PUSH THROUGH THE MOB to find the man at the bottom of the  pile, thick red blood pouring from his two eyeless sockets.  The eyeballs dangle like charms from his raised hand.  EYELESS YOUNG MAN  I still see it! I still see it!  White Coats grab at his hand, knock the eyeballs loose. But  his hand SLAPS the wall, makes a RED SMEAR.  Andy stares at the smear, terrified. Dr. Wanless rushes the  camera in a panic--  The tape suddenly CUTS TO A HARSH STATIC FUZZ, as we--  END CREDITS.  BACK IN THE PRESENT DAY. Morning sun rising. We find a  RUNDOWN SEDAN moving through this small, suburban town in  Western Mass. Trees alive with spring foliage.  The sedan parks in this retail wasteland. Andy at the wheel,  studying his face in the rearview. He drips a few EYEDROPS  into his reddened eyes, wipes away the runoff.  He approaches the strip mall -- Dry Cleaners, Jewelry Shop,  Shoe Repair -- pulls out a set of keys and opens the door of  a nondescript storefront. There’s a homemade sign hung in the  window: “CONFIDENCE ASSOCIATES.” Andy steps inside...  Charlie at the back of the bus, in a pair of faded overalls,  well-worn sneakers. She sits in silence, holding an old  RABBIT’S FOOT. Her thumb runs over the fur in small circles.  She eyes TWO GIRLS in the seat diagonal, watching videos on  their phones. Giggling. Best friends. Charlie looks away.  The bus comes to a stop in front of LEWISTON ELEMENTARY.  Charlie pulls on her small backpack and files off the yellow  bus, following the other kids, one by one...  Vicky at the table, searching the CLASSIFIED ADS of the local  paper. In RED MARKER, she’s circled several computer/software  postings. But most have been crossed out.  She circles an ad for a “Full Stack Java Engineer,” then  dials a number on the CORDLESS PHONE.  She hangs up then turns back to the paper, undeterred. She  turns the page and we see she’s circled dozens of ads...  OUT FRONT, Andy digs through his pockets for a PACK OF  CIGARETTES, with a few smokes left. A beat as he considers  it... then tosses the pack in a nearby TRASH CAN. He steps  back inside, turns the sign on the front door to OPEN.  ANDY (PRE-LAP)  It’s all in your head, that’s what  they don’t tell you...  Andy sits across from DARLA GURNEY, 50s, a big lady. No desk  between them, knees-to-knees. Andy is closing out his pitch.  see the pounds melt away.  He’s done this act a thousand times. The trick is making it  feel authentic.  Andy hates haggling with housewives. But haggle he must.  Darla screws up her face.  Andy back-pedals.  Darla doesn’t exactly seem convinced but--  school, I guess he wipes too hard --  like last time -- that’s when they  bulge from the anus -- then it’s blood  Darla ponders the offer, pulls a Snickers Bar from her purse.  Andy takes the Snickers from her hand, sets it aside.  Darla likes what she hears. Dreaming with eyes closed.  Andy takes a quiet breath, preparing.  Then he seems to summon something from deep within him. A  kind of guttural strength or power. It makes him nauseated  but he swallows it down and...  She opens her eyes. He is very close to her. Looking deeply  into her pupils. It’s powerfully intimate. Darla is disarmed.  Then Andy cracks his neck, resulting in a little “pop.” Darla  swallows. Andy’s stare intensifies. As does his nausea.  But he fights it down, holds the focused gaze. Then:  A LOW RUMBLE rattles the soundtrack... A small SHIVER runs  through Andy... A web of blood vessels BURST in his eyes...  Then Darla’s pupils subtly DILATE. Bingo.  Darla stares in rapt attention, as though hypnotized. Andy  breathes through the pain. The clock is ticking.  A tense beat, waiting for a response... Then Darla smiles.  She pulls cash from her purse, hands it over.  He offers the Snickers. She reaches for it -- but stops.  Looks confused.  Darla bounds out of the office, full of surprising energy...  But the second she’s out of sight, Andy drops heavy into the  chair. All energy drained from him. A massive migraine spikes  his temples. He grabs at them, tries to breathe through it.  IN ANDY’S POV, the room blurs. Sounds are distorted in his  throbbing head. Quiet sounds are jackhammers, loud sounds are  silent. It’s disorienting. His heartbeat pounds in his brain.  He grips the chair, white-knuckled. Waiting for it to pass.  It only lasts a few seconds, but it’s a motherfucker. Then:  A SMALL DOT OF BLOOD forms in the corner of his eye. He wipes  it, thinking it’s a teardrop. Then he sees the smear of red on  his finger. He stares at it, shocked. Wipes it on his shirt.  A DEAD FROG. Pinned to a styrofoam board, legs spread-eagle.  A SMALL KNIFE makes a nervous slice down the middle... but it  goes too deep. Frog guts spill onto the styrofoam.  Charlie holds the knife, frowning above the frog. GAVIN stands  beside her. 11, buzzcut. He’s a dick.  MS. GARDNER, 20s, approaches. Gavin points at the failed  experiment, distancing himself from it.  Charlie darkens, embarrassed.  Charlie doesn’t quite follow the analogy. Gavin turns back to  his desk, shaking his head. Ms. Gardner leans in, whispers.  She smiles, but Charlie doesn’t, because:  MS. GARDNER  actually believes.  Charlie darkens again, slinks back to her desk. Gavin  SNICKERS behind her, others too.  MS. GARDNER  Quiet, class.  As the teacher talks, Charlie pulls a SKETCHBOOK from her  desk. She turns through DOZENS OF DRAWINGS until she finds a  blank page. She starts to doodle. Gavin leans forward.  Charlie closes her eyes, GRITTING HER TEETH with anger...  Then SMALL WAVES OF HEAT appear around her. Like the kind  that rise off hot pavement.  Charlie opens her eyes, shocked.  An old thermometer hangs on the wall. Its mercury RISES a bit.  The edge of Charlie’s drawing CURLS slightly. She covers it.  Gavin sits up, confused. Wipes his forehead, suddenly warm.  Charlie looks nervously around her desk, eyeing OBJECTS. She  whispers the names to herself:  Notebook. Pencil. Desk. Shoes. Floor...  Other kids glance over. She continues the mantra, TOUCHING  different items, saying their names as she does.  CHARLIE  Paper. Eraser. Ruler. Calculator...  Ms. Gardner hears her muffled words up front.  MS. GARDNER  Everything okay, Charlie?  Charlie swallows down her fear, breathes deep, exhales. The  heat waves disappear at last.  ...Yes, Ms. Gardner. Everything’s fine.  But her eyes tell us a different story.  Andy’s car pulls into the drive and parks. The modest house  is not exactly rundown, but could certainly use some work.  Neighbors on either side, but not too close.  He drips eyedrops into his bloodshot eyes. Looks down at the  dried smear of blood on this shirt. He begins to unbutton it.  Charlie on her bed, drawing in her sketchbook with colored  pencils. Intensely focused.  We may only now notice how antiquated the McGee house seems.  No iPhones or laptops in sight, no screens of any kind.  NOW WE SEE: Charlie’s drawn a picture of Gavin from school.  His face looking all screwed-up.  Studying her pencils, Charlie hesitates a moment before...  Grabbing the red and drawing flames on him.  Sweat beads break out of her forehead as she colors furiously,  adding more flames and smoke before--  --Charlie pauses, looks at what she’s drawn, curious, as  though it was done in some kind of haze. She scribbles the  drawing out, burying it beneath a layer of black.  Dinner at the humble table. Andy, in a t-shirt now, serves  Charlie some chicken casserole. She pokes around with her  fork, looking dour. Vicky notices, tries for family bonding.  Charlie’s not excited. So Andy puts on his game face.  That’s... a lot.  Concern in her voice. He pulls a wad of cash from his wallet.  Vicky is not amused.  She shrugs, her mind elsewhere.  Andy puts a kind hand on hers.  Vicky puts on another smile.  They wait for their daughter to smile in return, basking in  the warmth of their wonderful family bond. Instead:  Vicky and Andy exchange looks. He defers to her on this one.  Charlie raises her eyebrows.  talking about diaphragms? She’s ten.  Andy stifles a laugh.  Charlie sets down her fork, wipes her face with a napkin.  Vicky’s smile drops. They’ve been through this before.  I hate the kids. The books. The food.  I hate everything about it.  The word stings. Regular. Vicky touches Charlie’s hand.  But Charlie pulls her hand away, laughs.  Charlie stands in a huff--  Vicky smiles sadly. Like she knows something Charlie doesn’t.  Charlie walks out of the room, passing a fire extinguisher  hidden behind the china cabinet.  Andy and Vicky share a look.  CHARLIE (PRE-LAP)  Bed. Backpack. Window. Wall. Lamp...  Charlie lies on her bed, still in her clothes. Fighting back  tears. She faces the wall, on which is taped a small POSTER:  5 Things You Can SEE  4 Things You Can TOUCH  3 Things You Can HEAR  2 Things You Can SMELL  She glances about the bed, touching things as she names them.  Pillow. Poster. Blanket. Rabbit’s Foot.  Vicky enters, sits on the bed beside her. Charlie turns  farther away from her mom.  Fan. Birds. Breathing.  Charlie swallows down her shame, takes a breath. Then:  The news hits Vicky like a slap, but she stays calm.  Vicky’s heart breaks. She rubs Charlie’s back.  Vicky brings Charlie into her arms and rocks her daughter.  Andy studies his face in the mirror again. Pressing on it.  He’s in a t-shirt and boxers. He splashes water on his face.  Lets it drip into the sink.  Vicky sits on the edge of the bed in her nightgown. We see  her arms and legs now, and we see more SCARS. Like Andy’s.  He grabs a towel, dries himself. They are quiet a beat.  Scared her to death. When it happened.  Charlie needs to be scared.  He turns away...  ...And just heads out of the room.  PRE-LAPPED shouts of kids, squeak of sneakers take us to...  ...Where DOZENS OF FOURTH AND FIFTH GRADERS race around in a  loud and furious game of dodgeball.  Ms. Gardner watches on with the GYM TEACHERS.  Charlie hangs at the back of the scrum. As balls fly, tagging  kids out, she weaves and dodges but doesn’t throw hers. It’s  a game of attrition and she’s attempting to wait it out.  The chaos diminishes as the dozens of kids are whittled down  to only a handful -- Charlie one of the remaining few.  Ms. Gardner catches Charlie’s eye, gives her an encouraging  thumbs up and a smile.  Charlie lights up, for the first time, an optimism and comfort  that’s lain dormant until now and--  SMACK!  --a ball hits her square in the head. Hard. Charlie stumbles  backwards and falls on her butt.  Gavin fist-bumps his JERK BROS as they jeer.  Charlie eyes them with anger... Then SMALL WAVES OF HEAT  appear around her again. Stronger this time, PULSING.  HEAT fills the room. Everybody feels it.  Kids stop playing. The look around, confused.  MS. GARDNER  You okay, Charlie?  She kneels to help Charlie but CHARLIE JUMPS UP--  MS. GARDNER  --AND RUNS OUT THE DOOR in a blind panic.  CHARLIE RACES DOWN THE HALLWAY, anger threatening to take her.  She rushes into the BATHROOM, disappears behind the door.  Charlie rushes to a row of THREE FAUCETS against the wall.  One by one, she turns the faucets on FULL BLAST and stares at  them, her eyes wide with panic.  Ms. Gardner steps into the hallway.  MS. GARDNER  She moves quickly toward the bathroom.  THE DOOR SWINGS OPEN as Ms. Gardner rushes in--  Then she stops in her tracks. There’s no sign of Charlie, but  the room is FILLED WITH THICK STEAM from the faucets, like a  sauna on high. All the mirrors are fogged.  Ms. Gardner pulls at her now-damp blouse, full of confusion.  MS. GARDNER  Charlie...?  She moves down the line of stalls. The room PULSES with  strong vibrations. She bends to look for feet. Sees none.  Moving stall by stall, her heart pounding in her ears -- the  steam thick like fog; the place is frightening.  MS. GARDNER  Please Charlie... Whatever’s going on...  Then the SOUND OF SEARING, like paper and plastic. THICK  SMOKE rises swiftly from inside the last stall...  MS. GARDNER  Charlie?  THEN THE DOOR OF THE STALL BLASTS OFF ITS HINGES, smashes  into the wall, the metal bent and melted--  The high windows SHATTER-- Ms. Gardner is KNOCKED BACKWARDS--  THE CEILING TILES CHAR BLACK AND CRUMBLE, covering her in ash.  She stares in silent horror at the utter destruction, smoke  rising from the stall like a fresh crater. A long beat...  Then out from the wreckage walks little Charlie McGee.  Ms. Gardner looks at Charlie like she’s an alien.  MS. GARDNER  Holy. Shit.  Charlie looks ashamed.  After school. A POLICE CAR parked in front of the building.  Charlie sits in a chair outside an office door, rubbing her  rabbit’s foot.  DOWN THE HALL, the scene of the crime. A COP outside the  bathroom. Talking to a JANITOR, taking notes.  PRINCIPAL LEWIS (PRE-LAP)  Mrs. McGee. Such a reckless act, she  Andy and Vicky sit across a blocky desk from PRINCIPAL GERALD  LEWIS, 60s. Next to him sits a shell-shocked Ms. Gardner,  bits of ceiling tile still in her hair.  What would you like me to call it?  Andy puts a calming hand on her knee. Don’t antagonize.  Andy and Vicky are overwhelmed.  Vicky eyes the Principal, distressed. THEN:  It shows a neighborhood street, buildings on either side. Not  unlike a Google Maps image. Until:  A HEAT BLAST registers on the image, inside one of the larger  buildings. The key indicates extreme temperatures.  WE SEE plumes of heat emerging from the building’s windows.  White-hot against the dark background.  OFF-SCREEN, a hand types on a keyboard. The image rewinds and  plays again, and again. The blast of heat, enormous.  TEXT ON SCREEN: 13:49. 16 Mar 2021. 42.4832238, -73.0690267.  A phone RINGS briefly before it is drowned out by...  ...PULSING ELECTRONIC MUSIC, throbbing and loud. Peeling paint  lines the walls, the carpet dirty and ragged. The kind of  place one lives because they have no other options.  IN DARKNESS WE SEE: the silhouette of a TOWERING MAN sitting  naked on a bed. His back to us. He’s just gotten out of the  shower. His skin steams.  His back is covered in tarot-themed tattoos. Long black hair  falls into a thick braid. He’s wearing headphones, nodding in  time to the harsh, industrial beat. They call him RAINBIRD.  The CELL on the nightstand vibrates and illuminates. Caller  ID reads “Unknown.” Rainbird lowers his headphones, brings  the cell to his ear. But says nothing. After a beat:  Is this Rainbird...? John Rainbird?  The kind of voice that rattles cages.  number. A lot of different addresses.  CAPTAIN JANE HOLLISTER sits at a desk in an over-lit office.  Late 40s, came up the military ranks. Tough or tender, as the  job requires. Framed photos of her bull terriers on her desk.  The dog pics are joined by OPEN FILES, papers spread out.  SCANNING ACROSS THEM, WE SEE: PHOTOS OF RAINBIRD taken  surreptitiously. From CCTV and surveillance.  Her eyes study a picture of Rainbird with a mop in his hands.  One of several of him working as a JANITOR.  The joke falls flat.  He listens.  Another beat, waiting. She can play the long game. Finally:  A small smile of victory curls her mouth as she eyes the  computer monitor before her: Young Andy on the screen, muted.  The VHS interview tapes we saw at the opening.  Rainbird is silent.  Static on the other end of the line.  Major Puckeridge send over the  She hangs up the phone.  Charlie on her floor, drawing. Her idle doodling has manifest  in a DARK FIGURE that rises, enormous, from a splotch of  scribbling. Black hair in a long braid. Rainbird.  She studies the ominous stranger, curious.  VICKY (PRE-LAP)  Andy pulls a suitcase down from the storage cabinet. Vicky  paces in the doorway behind him, angry and protesting.  He pulls down another suitcase, a duffel bag.  yet another school, keep her anxious  and scared?  This is so much worse than we thought.  It’s unstable. And instability leads  to anxiety, and anxiety--  He turns on her sharply--  Vicky stares at his reddened, hemorrhaged eyes, quieted.  He moves to the hamper, pulls out the shirt with the stain.  He has no answer. Then:  He just tosses the shirt back in the hamper, exasperated. She  stares at her hands, quiet and ashamed, because:  This stops Andy.  older she gets. I don’t have your  power. I can’t push her if she loses  control. I can’t make it stop...  Andy hurts for his wife. But still:  the rest of her life. And God knows  Charlie’s standing behind them. Eyeing the suitcases.  Vicky picks her up, sets her on the washing machine. Then she  thinks. How does one say this?  But now she’s wondering...  year or so?  He shakes his head, no.  Charlie’s starting to lose it. The room begins to warm.  C’mon Charlie, five things you can see.  VIBRATIONS around the room. The air getting hotter.  Andy grabs Charlie’s shoulders, holds her, while he stares  deep into her trembling eyes.  Charlie holds his gaze for only a second before--  --WAVES OF HEAT SUDDENLY FILL THE AIR, distorting it. Sweat  runs down Andy’s face, mats Vicky’s hair.  Vicky fights through her fear, steps in front of Andy, and  pulls Charlie into an embrace.  Charlie pushes away, fighting. The temperature SOARS. Vicky’s  scared but she holds Charlie tight.  But she can’t. Or she won’t. Andy moves to the kitchen, eyes  wild with fear. He finds the fire extinguisher, picks it up.  Charlie takes a deep breath, and another. Struggling against  the power. Vicky rubs her back.  As Charlie calms, the room slowly cools. Heat waves disappear.  ...And then it is calm. At last.  Charlie wipes her tears, hurt and scared and ashamed. Vicky  stands, exhausted but relieved. Andy sets the extinguisher  HEAT WAVES reappear through the laundry room and kitchen.  But Andy is exhausted, his patience spent.  THE AIR DISTORTS WILDLY between all of them -- a blast of heat  -- then Vicky’s arms CATCH FIRE.  Charlie falls backward, knocked off her feet by the force of  her power, like the kick of a rifle.  Andy TACKLES Vicky, smothering the flames with his body.  At last they go out.  Vicky SCREAMS in agony. BLISTERS cover her bare arms, raw  skin exposed beneath the white foam.  Charlie grabs the cordless phone, dials 911.  Charlie, confused. The pain is extreme but Vicky swallows it.  911 OPERATOR (ON PHONE)  But the tears in her eyes tell a different story.  A long beat...  Finally Charlie hangs up. And the room begins to cool.  Andy spreads ointment on Vicky’s bloody wounds, delicate. She  winces in pain, immense. But she fights through.  something.  THROUGH THE WINDOW, we see Charlie pacing outside, rubbing  her rabbit’s foot raw. Her tear-stained eyes glance at her  parents every few seconds.  A long beat, then finally Vicky shakes her head. No.  Andy wraps gauze over the blisters. It hurts like hell. Tears  leak from Vicky’s eyes.  Vicky nods, lips trembling. She is a study in contradictions.  Andy steps outside. Charlie still pacing in the driveway.  Charlie glances through the window. Sees her mother at the  table, arms wrapped in bandages. Charlie lowers her head.  Her words quiet, barely audible.  She walks to the car. Andy holds, quieted by her words.  Vicky stands at the window, watches the car back out of the  driveway. She gives a soft wave as the headlights pull away.  Vicky folds her clothes and puts them in a suitcase, opened  on the bed. Resigned now to a life on the run.  But the packing is painful with burned and bandaged hands.  She closes the lid, picks it up -- but it slips from her  injured grip. Clothes spill all over the floor.  She sits on the bed, broken. Tears form in her eyes. She bends  to pick up the mess when she hears...  Something? Nothing? She listens quietly. The house is silent.  Must be her imagination, until... A door creak? Footsteps?  VICKY  There is no response. She walks to the...  Vicky moves down the darkened corridor. Suddenly nervous. The  house remains utterly silent, but for her footsteps...  She flips on the lights. But the kitchen is empty. Suddenly--  A KNOCK at the front door. She startles, turns.  Vicky approaches the front door, cautious. Then she sees,  through the window, a POLICE CAR. She takes a breath, opens  the door, revealing OFFICER PIERCE.  He clocks her bandages.  Officer Pierce is skeptical. He speaks quietly.  He holds another beat, reluctant, then finally nods.  He turns to go. Vicky exhales relief, closes the door. She  listens as the engine cranks, and the car pulls away.  She turns to the living room -- but stops in her tracks.  Someone sits in a chair across the room. Cloaked in darkness.  How long have they been there?  Still nothing. Vicky’s nerves starting to fray.  The shadow stands, huge, and steps slowly from the darkness...  Rainbird. We see him now in full, for the first time:  The giant is Native American -- Cherokee -- with a face that  is harsh and scarred, though not from nature. Something  terrible happened to this man. He is a nightmare come to life.  Vicky swallows down her terror. Rainbird’s eyes find her  bandaged hands. She slips them behind her back on instinct.  He steps closer. She backs up.  She doesn’t answer. So he grabs her by the face, pulls her  close. And looks into her eyes. As if trying to read them.  “Ice cream... or the movies?”  Vicky, terrified. How did he...?  He lets her go. She falls into a wall, breathes heavy, scared.  Vicky holds her ground. Then, with utter conviction:  Her heart races. Praying he believes her. He studies her  frightened eyes. Finally:  Then a LAMP on a nearby cabinet FLIES WILDLY ACROSS THE ROOM  toward Rainbird -- he DUCKS and it SMASHES INTO THE WALL.  RAINBIRD  ...And you’re out of practice.  Vicky PULLS AWAY and DASHES toward the hallway--  She rushes down the dark hall into--  She slams the door shut behind her, locks it. Looks around,  panicked. Dashes to the bathroom, just as--  Rainbird KICKS DOWN THE DOOR, storms into the room--  Vicky slams the door, locks it, searches for a weapon.  Toothpaste, hairbrush, soap, all worthless.  BOOM.  Foot on the door. Vicky grabs a razor from the tub.  BOOM.  She desperately tries to pull the blade from its plastic  casing. But her bandaged hands make it hard.  BOOM.  The casing in her mouth, she pries free the blade. She cuts  her tongue -- agh! -- spits out the razor.  It hits the ground and the blade pops free.  Blood runs from her mouth as she grabs the razor. She hides  it behind her back as--  THE DOOR SHATTERS AND BURSTS OPEN.  Vicky cowers in the corner. Rainbird enters, stands above her.  She stares up at him, heart racing. Razor cupped in her hand.  constant fear, like you?  His eyes study hers.  But she doesn’t drop it. She holds it out, defiant. He looks  at her with a warrior’s respect.  The blade trembles in her hand...  THEN HE CHARGES HER--  She kicks at him, but he’s so much stronger than she is. She  slaps at his hands but he grabs her wounded arms and SQUEEZES.  The blade falls from her hands. He grabs her throat now.  Vicky jerks and contorts, struggling.  He brings her face close to his, very close, looking into her  wide, bulging eyes...  But something dark and ferocious seems to boil up within her,  until suddenly--  THE CABINET DOORS BURST OPEN--  EVERYTHING INSIDE pelts Rainbird in a telekinetic spasm--  A barrage of cans, splinters of wood, lightbulbs--  It is quick and brutal and he tumbles backwards, bleeding--  Vicky crawls for the door, but Rainbird grabs for her,  catches her ankle, yanks her back--  AND SUDDENLY HE IS ON TOP OF HER.  Pinning her with his knees, all is instantly quiet, but for  the pulsing of the air and their labored breathing.  Cuts and bruises all over Rainbird’s face. Vicky’s too. BLOOD  smears the floor as they bleed together in the silence.  Rainbird almost admires her. He carefully wraps his fingers  around her throat, then leans in close to see her eyes in  ECU, PUSHING into the deep wells of her pupils as--  Andy and Charlie drive home, finishing their root beer floats.  Charlie has calmed, but her thoughts remain heavy and sad.  Andy’s car moves up the quiet street, pulls into the driveway  and parks. The house is dark; no lights are on.  Andy shuts off the engine. Charlie studies the house, holding  an empty cup of soda.  This gives Charlie solace. They climb out of the car.  Andy enters the darkness -- but Charlie stops at the door.  Andy glances back, concerned, but plays it off:  A tense beat before he finds the lights. They finally POP ON--  But the room is empty.  Charlie heads for the kitchen. Andy drops his keys and wallet  on the kitchen table, walks toward the bedroom...  Andy enters the shadowy hall. The floor creaks beneath him...  Charlie throws the float cup in the trash, washes her hands  in the sink. She dries her hands with a towel, then sees--  DROPS OF BLOOD on the floor. Leading to the laundry room...  Andy enters the room, dark as pitch. But doesn’t turn on the  light. He approaches the bed, quiet... Sees a lump beneath  the covers... But it’s a pillow. He turns to the bathroom...  ...Just as Charlie enters the laundry room, following the  blood trail. Across the floor, up to the closet ironing board.  She senses something. Someone.  Charlie turns to see the dark silhouette she sketched in her  notebook. In the flesh. Standing in her kitchen. Rainbird.  Andy hits the lights. Sees dozens of toiletries scattered  about. What the hell? Shattered mirrors. The busted door...  ...And blood. Lots of blood.  He bolts out of the room...  ...And into the kitchen, where Rainbird holds Charlie in his  grip, his hand covering her eyes. Vicky’s RAZOR at her throat.  They lock eyes with each other.  ...Indisposed.  Andy widens his eyes and cracks his neck, using the push on  Rainbird. WE SEE blood vessels pop in the sclera of his eyes.  Rainbird stands stone-still, unmoved.  More vessels burst in Andy’s eyes, the sclera is red, bruises  form as the flesh below his eyes swells with blood. And the  razor at Charlie’s neck slips slightly before...  ...Rainbird’s face cracks into a smile.  Andy, stunned -- why doesn’t the power work?  That’s when all of them notice the room PULSING. Low heat and  dull vibrations make the air waver and distort.  Rainbird’s heavy hand remains fixed over Charlie’s eyes.  She has no aim without sight. If she’s  A beat as that hits Andy -- the rest of us?  Andy swallows; the words hit him deep. He steps forward.  Rainbird presses the razor against Charlie’s neck. Andy stops.  Charlie points toward the laundry room, though she can’t see.  Daddy, there’s... blood.  Andy looks that way, sees the blood. The temperature rises.  NOW THE HEAT SOARS. Candles MELT. Lids POP OFF mason jars.  THE ROOM VIBRATES WILDLY, distorting everything. Rainbird  watches the shuddering destruction with fascination.  The heat SHATTERS A LIGHTBULB -- the shards fall upon  Rainbird. Cabinet doors fall, the heat weakening their thin  hinges. The closet door opens and the ironing board drops--  And Vicky’s dead body falls out.  A MASSIVE PULSE OF HEAT knocks both Andy and Rainbird to the  ground -- the razor leaves a thin cut on Charlie’s neck.  Andy scrambles to his feet and grabs Charlie--  He pulls her toward the side door, but Charlie looks over her  shoulder, desperate for her mother, anger boiling within...  And just before Vicky’s body disappears from view, Charlie  reaches out her hand toward her dead mother--  AND THE ROOM IS HIT WITH A TSUNAMI OF INVISIBLE HEAT. Plates  shatter. Steel warps. Electrical sparks.  Rainbird’s clothes are charred, the skin on his hands  blackens, his eyebrows are singed from his head...  Andy turns around at the sound -- shock and awe -- then they  slip through just before the heat takes it--  But Rainbird remains in the kitchen, staggering to his feet,  staring at the breadth of the destruction.  Rainbird looks at his hands, the blisters, the second-degree  burns... and smiles. He cannot hide his wonder.  Andy and Charlie exit into the dark night, race toward Andy’s  car. They climb in, then Andy realizes--  They jump out of the car just as Rainbird charges at them.  Andy pulls Charlie into the neighbor’s yard. They run, as...  Splayed out on the floor, Vicky’s desiccated body is covered  in flakes of paint and the falling snow of crumbling drywall.  Andy and Charlie reach the main road. Charlie in shock, her  eyes wide and glassy. Andy spots HEADLIGHTS approaching.  A beat, thinking...  THEN HE STEPS INTO THE STREET in front of the moving car--  Driver SLAMS THE BRAKES.  The car SKIDS OUT inches before Andy. He walks to the door as  the angry driver, DWAYNE, 30s, climbs out--  As Andy approaches, he summons the deep strength. Nausea  strikes him, he nearly vomits. This night has been too much.  Dwayne sees the sickness in his eyes.  Andy locks in on Dwayne from a few feet away.  Now the LOW RUMBLE, the shiver runs through Andy. He winces  in pain, fights to hold eye contact.  Andy GRABS Dwayne by the collar, brings his face close...  Andy’s eyes widen, he cracks his neck and--  --Dwayne’s eyes instantly DILATE. BUT IN ANDY’S POV, Dwayne  BLURS, the sound of the engine like a howling tornado.  Dwayne blinks slowly, then:  Andy’s legs buckle. He fears it didn’t take, and the pain is  so strong. But he fights through.  Charlie watches in fear from the corner. Looking behind her --  where Rainbird appears in the road, approaching.  CHARLIE  --Andy turns around to see Rainbird running at full speed  towards them...  Dwayne scrambles into the car as Andy buckles over, clutching  his stomach, and yells to Charlie for help.  She runs into the road -- other cars approaching -- helps  Andy into the back seat where he quickly passes out.  Dwayne shifts into gear and peels away...  Just as Rainbird reaches the roadside, catching a glimpse of  Andy is spread across the backseat. Charlie pulls his  unconscious head into her lap.  CHARLIE  Blood pours from Andy’s eyes. The push did more damage this  time than it’s ever done. Charlie wipes blood away from  Andy’s face with her sleeve, looks to Dwayne.  Dwayne glances warily at them in the rearview.  Andy’s eyes flutter awake. He struggles to pull a handkerchief  from his back pocket. Charlie takes it, dabs blood from his  cheeks. Then the realization begins to hit her.  Andy uses nearly all his strength to reach up and put an arm  around his daughter.  She closes her eyes in pain and the air shimmers around her  as the heat begins to emerge yet again...  Andy catches sight of Dwayne’s eyes in the rearview.  Dwayne is momentarily confused, glancing up at the night sky  Charlie clenches her teeth, wincing as the windows start to  steam, and then... She exhales. Breathes slow. The car cools.  Andy passes out, bloody tears rolling down his face.  Charlie leans back, eyeing the passing landscape, exhausted,  and wipes away tears.  Dwayne’s car passes beneath a large green sign:  TIGHT ON ANDY, still asleep on Charlie’s lap. Handkerchief  soaked red. Charlie sleeps, too.  A bright morning. Greenery swooshes by. Dwayne’s cell rings.  He stares at it a curious beat, then answers via Bluetooth.  A woman on the car speakers. DWAYNE’S WIFE.  DWAYNE'S WIFE (V.O.)  Charlie wakes, groggy.  talking about, Dwayne?  Dwayne looks at the highway, the passing signs... and the  little girl in the backseat. Like he’s coming to from a fog.  And suddenly the DAYLIGHT DISSIPATES -- the passing greenery  quickly darkens, lights blink on. It is ACTUALLY NIGHT.  Andy pushed the images into Dwayne’s mind.  DWAYNE WHIPS A HARD RIGHT -- barely catching an off-ramp.  Charlie shakes Andy.  Andy moans groggily. VIBRATIONS fill the car as Dwayne stares  Charlie down in the rearview mirror.  He pulls the car onto the shoulder of the ramp, throws it in  Park and spins to the backseat. Andy’s eyes finally open.  Andy sits up, tries to find Dwayne’s eyes again.  But Dwayne grabs him by the collar.  Andy puts up his hands in surrender.  Charlie opens the door and scoots out. Andy follows.  Dwayne screeches off, throwing dust in his wake.  Then Andy and Charlie are alone. On the side of the road. In  the middle of the night.  I’m too weak. It slipped away.  He takes her hand and they walk into the dark night, until at  last they disappear.  CRASH! Andy breaks the passenger window of an ABANDONED CAR  on the side of the highway. Headlights speed past. He reaches  through and opens the door, brushing glass off the seat.  Charlie climbs into the backseat. Fast food bags and soda  cans litter the car. A mess.  Andy walks around the side, pulls the orange IMPOUND WARNING  STICKER off the side window then gets in front.  To this he has no retort. He takes off his jacket, wads it up  into a makeshift pillow and hands it back to her.  We’ll figure out a plan. I promise.  She lays down on the jacket. But she doesn’t close her eyes.  Andy settles in the front seat. Looks out into the night.  Wonders how he’s going to get them out of this mess when...  WE SEE A FLASH of Vicky at the table, those beautiful eyes.  ...Andy crumbles, emotional.  Charlie eyes him from the backseat as he cries. She’s  worried, never has seen her father like this before.  Andy tries to gather himself.  Andy nods. Charlie sits up.  But Andy knows the bitter truth.  Charlie sits with this. The ominous specter of her power.  YOUNG NURSE (PRE-LAP)  A YOUNG NURSE ushers Captain Hollister down a corridor.  Hollister wears a sharp skirt and jacket combo, carries a  CARTON OF CIGARETTES in her hand.  The nurse snickers, but it wasn’t a joke. They come to a set  of metal doors. The Nurse swipes her card, the doors unlock  and they move through, passing a sign:  The Nurse leads Hollister to a heavy wooden door. She knocks,  then opens without waiting for a response.  YOUNG NURSE  Dr. Wanless, you have a guest.  INSIDE THE ROOM, it’s all shadows. A man stands by the lone  window, wearing a hospital gown, his back to us.  Dr. Wanless, the man from the Lot Six experiments. But he’s  older now, feeble. Hacks and coughs frequently, his diseased  lungs doing their best to keep him alive.  An ashtray rests precariously on the window ledge. Wanless  shreds an unlit cigarette with his shriveled hands, dumps the  tobacco into the tray in small little mounds.  YOUNG NURSE  She nods and exits, leaving the door cracked behind her.  Hollister gently closes it shut, then turns to Wanless.  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER  She sets the carton of smokes on the unmade bed. Wanless  makes no move for it. We still haven’t seen his face.  Still nothing. Wanless fishes another cigarette from the pack,  begins to shred it like the other. Hollister sits on the bed.  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER  His face remains turned to the window, a mystery.  face comes knocking on my door,  completely oblivious to--  She takes that in a beat, then smiles, for she knows:  At this Wanless turns to us at last. His once-strong face is  shriveled and jaundiced, his yellow eyes hard as stone.  She pats the bed next to her.  Andy wakes, shields his eyes from the bright sun. His cheek  red from a night pressed against the window. Stiff neck,  tired bones. He turns to Charlie... But she’s gone.  He scrambles quickly out--  CHARLIE (PRE-LAP)  C’mere, kitty kitty...  Charlie kneels in a VACANT LOT by a row of empty WAREHOUSES.  A STRAY CAT lingering nearby, but it’s cagey.  CHARLIE  It’s okay, I’m nice.  The cat runs away, Charlie chases after it.  She corners the cat near a dumpster. It sees an escape route  but Charlie stares, cracks her neck and...  ...with a rusty screech, the dumpster moves a foot, blocking  the cat. The push but, unlike Andy, there is no blood. Charlie  moves closer. She reaches out her hand to pet it--  BUT WITH A HISS, THE CAT LUNGES AT HER, scratches her hand--  HER ANGER SENDS THE POWER OUT -- the cat is knocked backward  by the heat blast -- more focused, almost tactical.  Charlie covers her mouth with her hand, shocked as Andy rounds  the corner in a panic, sees something horrible. We only hear--  THE HIDEOUS, GARGLED CRIES of the mutilated cat.  Andy looks at the cat, then back at Charlie.  Her eyes water. But Andy holds firm.  The power. The curse. She looks back at the cat, tortured.  At last she exhales, steps toward the cat. WE GET a brief  glimpse of the half-charred, still-living thing.  THEN HOLD ON ANDY as we hear a BLAST off-screen...  Andy and Charlie pat down a MOUND OF DIRT, a makeshift pet  grave. They stand, dust off their bloodied hands.  Andy, exasperated. He closes his eyes and prays... awkwardly.  That hits Andy. Charlie places a small stone at the top of  the grave. They hold a beat, thinking of her.  They head back toward the abandoned car.  daughter, they call her Charlie...  Wanless now sits across from the Captain, concerned.  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER  ...I want to help her.  She leans in for the hard sell.  Wanless shreds another cigarette, bits of tobacco under his  nails. Hollister watches and waits. At last:  Hollister eyes him a hard beat, then stands.  She leaves Wanless shaking with frustration, hacking...  Charlie sits on the roof of the car now, throwing rocks.  Another car passes, Andy waves... but they drive on.  Andy walks back to the car, sits on the hood. Charlie tosses  another rock, thinking about it all.  Andy eyes her. Is she ready for the truth?  They sit with that heaviness.  An old FARM TRUCK rattles by, the driver gives them a look...  Then he hits the brakes, pulls to the shoulder.  An old man eyes the approaching twosome in the side mirror.  IRV MANDERS, 70. He rolls down his window as they near.  Charlie is cagey but--  Irv eyes Andy shrewdly.  Labor, actually. Roberta’s got a new  Irv is dubious. But he is not unkind.  Andy and Charlie move around the truck, climb in. Irv shifts  into gear and the truck pulls back onto the highway.  Irv drives. Charlie’s head rests on her father’s shoulder.  Andy in turn rests his head against the window.  He looks at Charlie; dark shadows line her eyes.  The truck turns off the main road, onto dirt and gravel.  Middle of nowhere.  A long, unpaved driveway leads to a rustic house in the  distance. The truck kicks up dirt as it moves down the drive.  Tall grass and weeds rise up on either side. An old cattle  pen sits empty. A rusted-out Toyota on blocks.  ACROSS THE YARD, a host of CHICKENS wander free.  The truck parks in front of the house. Closer now, we see  dirty windows, fading paint. Andy and Charlie climb out. He  eyes the scene, wary. Puts an arm around Charlie.  Come on in, let’s get some food in  your bellies.  Irv heads for the house. Andy and Charlie reluctantly follow.  A house full of darkness and shadows. Curtains pulled closed  over all the windows. A BLAST OF LIGHT as the front door  opens. Irv leads Andy and Charlie inside.  There is no answer. Irv flips on lights, leads them into...  Pale fluorescents flicker to life. Dirty plates stacked on  the counter, more in the sink.  Nonsense. The girl is hungry.  Irv walks to the fridge, calls out.  Charlie smiles, heads out the front door. Andy watches her go,  wary, then turns to find Irv pulling food from the fridge.  Meats, cheeses, chips, soda, bread...  Think this’ll do?  Andy begins assembling a sandwich from the bounty, covertly  checking the cheese for mold. Irv pulls a can of Keystone  Light from the fridge, cracks it open and hands it to Andy.  Cold beer for the new dad?  Andy takes a long pull. It’s... not great.  Ol’ Tony cusses like a sonuvabitch but  Life coach. Man, what’ll they think of  next. The whole world’s gone to hell.  Andy tenses. Irv eyes him, picking at the tab on his beer.  Charlie wanders through the chickens, dropping bread. They  peck around, nibbling. Charlie moves around the house...  Charlie looks up at the dirty glass, a couple feet above her  head. Curious, she looks around for something to stand on.  An old wooden milk crate, tossed in the grass. Charlie grabs  it, flips it over and sets it beneath the window.  She steps on it; the wood is old and weak. Not quite high  enough, so she goes up on her tip-toes. The wood might give at  any moment or the window screen. Her eyes reach the glass...  IN CHARLIE’S POV, looking into a shadowy room, its door  cracked open... She scans the room, cluttered with books and  knick-knacks, before--  CRASH! The screen gives way and Charlie tumbles headlong into  the dark room, stirring up plumes of dust motes.  Irv turns his head at the dull vibration. Andy follows his  glance, nervous. Then Irv turns back, ignoring.  Andy tries a casual shrug.  Irv pulls out a bulky Android phone.  He opens a browser. Much to Andy’s chagrin.  Andy reaches for the phone--  Irv pulls away.  Andy, exasperated.  of it, “Frank?”  Charlie stands and cautiously examines the room. Slowly  adjusting to the darkness. Sees books, boxes and--  --THE WHITES OF TWO EYES STARING AT HER FROM THE SHADOWS--  Charlie gasps, covers her mouth as she backs away from a  hulking wheelchair that holds ESMERALDA “ESSI” MANDERS, 60s.  A quadriplegic with brain damage. Unable to move or speak.  Hooked to a machine that helps her breathe.  Charlie settles, realizing she shouldn’t be scared.  Essi’s eyes are hollow, starting straight ahead.  OFF ESSI’S EYES, as they flick to Charlie for the first time.  Irv studies Andy with a hard eye as Andy nervously drinks.  Irv’s on edge now. Andy locks eyes with him, considering a  push when--  --Charlie emerges the study, looking frazzled and spent.  Irv leaps up and races over...  The window was open.  Irv is angry and suspicious. Andy puts an arm around Charlie.  Andy shrugs. He doesn’t know.  Irv looks at Charlie, scared, head buried in her father’s  arms. He exhales, calming.  Andy glances toward the study. He still hasn’t seen her.  They walk to the threshold of the study, look in. Essi is  where we left her, staring at the ceiling. But they are not  close enough to see the fear and anger now alive in her eyes.  Andy is humbled by the sight of her.  Charlie eyes the old man, dubious.  The three of them stand there in the awkward silence, looking  at Essi. What are they going to do now?  As the sun sets, Rainbird’s car pulls off the side of the  road behind the abandoned car where Andy and Charlie slept.  Rainbird looks inside, runs his fingers along the back seat  where Charlie slept. Looking, feeling.  He find the coagulating blood. Rubs the liquid between his  fingers, then closes his eyes and sniffs them.  WE WATCH as a strange expression passes across Rainbird’s  face, a weird sort of knowing. His eyes open and he turns and  looks to where Charlie burned the cat...  Now he stands over the cat’s grave. Sees the little rock  headstone. A curious sight.  He looks off into the purpling sky. Where have they gone?  Night has come. Clouds gather, obscuring the moon.  Andy tucks Charlie into the single bed. He has made himself a  pallet on the floor. He pulls the covers over her.  He gives her a kiss on the forehead, but as he pulls away--  They are quiet a beat.  She looks at him. I’m waiting...  So Andy sits on the bed beside her, runs a hand through her  hair. Looks out the window. Remembering that day.  Charlie considers this.  our eyes open... And that’s when they  Andy nods. She listens.  them in the car -- I used to get these  feelings, intuitions...  Andy nods.  A beat as Andy trails off, lost in the memory. Charlie  tenses, sensing the story didn’t have a happy ending.  Off of Andy’s gaze as WE FADE TO:  A BLACK SEDAN idles in an empty REST STOP PARKING LOT. CARS  buzz past on the interstate.  The driver’s side door opens, a HEAVY-SET MAN gets out and  walks towards the bathrooms. As he heads inside...  ...a YOUNG ANDY, 27, creeps towards the car, staying low.  INSIDE THE CAR: A MAN IN STREET CLOTHES, 40s, sits in the  passenger seat with an INFANT CHARLIE in his lap.  Window open, he breathes in the night air as the infant coos  in her sleep. Young Andy appears at the window.  He grabs the Man in Street Clothes. The Man looks at Andy...  The pop is heard. The Man’s eyes instantly DILATE.  The Man gives Andy the baby. Andy strokes the child’s head,  relieved but emotional. He leans back into the window.  He pauses, studying the blank expression on the face of the  Man. Like he’s not even there.  Charlie begins to wake. Andy tries to settle her, desperate  to keep her calm. Shhhh, shhhh...  Staring at his child’s beautiful, innocent face, anger boils  over in Andy.  He turns back to the impassive face of the Man in Street  Clothes. Andy sets his jaw. Narrows his eyes...  ANDY  The Man studies Andy with glassy eyes. At last he nods, okay.  Andy walks away from the car, heading towards the darkness.  He is swallowed by the shadows before the Heavyset Man  emerges from the rest stop, walks to the car.  WE STAY WITH ANDY as we see, out of focus, in the distance...  The Heavyset Man slides into the car...  Then a MUZZLE FLASH and a BOOM. Glass shatters. Brains fly.  Then the Man in Street Clothes stumbles out of the car, hands  around his own throat, strangling himself...  He collapses in the lot.  Andy and Charlie drive away.  BACK TO SCENE  As the weight of Andy’s story hits Charlie.  A darkness settling over her. He takes her face in his hands.  She is reluctant, but finally:  Andy smiles, grateful. He takes her face in his hands.  She rolls to her side, closes her eyes.  Andy sleeps next to Charlie. The clock on the nightstand reads  5:12 AM. Through the window, the deep blue of coming dawn.  SOFT NOISES float in from somewhere in the house. Andy slowly  wakes, listens. Sounds like voices. He stands, careful not to  wake Charlie, and quietly walks out of the room.  Andy walks into the kitchen. The murmur comes from the LIVING  ROOM, the blue-gray flicker of a TV. Irv must’ve left it on.  Then something catches his ear. The voice of a NEWS REPORTER.  ...Cooper has been a fugitive from  justice the past nine years, since  Andy pales. He walks to the threshold of the room.  ON THE TV, an old college photo of Andy fills the screen, the  name “Aaron Jeffrey Cooper” emblazoned across the bottom.  Then the news report FREEZE-FRAMES. Andy looks to the  recliner, sees Irv’s hand holding a remote. He REVERSES the  TiVo, plays the news story again.  Irv turns to Andy, startled.  Irv stands, angry. And drunk. Perhaps only now do we see the  several empty beer bottles littering the coffee table.  He lurches toward Andy -- who pivots, holding the recliner  between them.  Irv grabs an empty bottle and hits it against the wall -- but  it won’t break. He hits it again, and again. But nothing.  SO HE LUNGES AT ANDY. But he’s slow and ungainly and--  --Andy easily knocks him backwards on his ass.  CHARLIE stands across the room. Irv struggles to get up as--  --The window above him SHATTERS, splinters of glass rumble  down over his shoulders.  VIBRATIONS all over the room.  Irv stares at her like he’s seen a ghost.  Irv is baffled and angry, shaking his head. Andy looks at  Charlie in shock -- his daughter can read minds.  lane and hit a car head-on that’s how  Justin died and she got hurt--  Irv LUNGES at Charlie -- but Andy steps in and KNOCKS HIM to  the ground again. Irv moans on the floor.  Andy pulls Charlie to him. She’s crying now, confused.  Irv mumbles something we can’t quite make out.  Andy jolts upright.  She is looking out the window. Through the blue of predawn,  far in the distance, coming up the drive...  Irv turns back to Andy and Charlie:  Irv runs a hand through his hair, straightening it.  Oughta make this interesting, then.  TWO SHERIFF’S SUVs pull up to the house. SHERIFF PERRY and a  DEPUTY emerge from the lead vehicle, TWO MORE COPS from the  other. They draw their pistols. Sheriff calls out:  Aaron Jeffrey Cooper, surrender! Leave  the girl inside. Hands on top of your  head. Come on out now. MR. COOPER!  The front door opens, the officers ready but...  Irv steps out. Wobbly. He raises his hands in peace.  Beat as Sheriff Perry turns, looks back at the other men.  Then he returns his gaze to Irv.  Andy and Charlie huddle beneath the desk in the study, near  Essi. They can hear Irv and the Sheriff out the window.  She’s growing nervous. Andy feels it already. He holds her  hand. But the room gets warmer. Sweat breaks out of his face.  Tears in her eyes. The heat is rising.  VOICES RISING OFF-SCREEN. Footsteps on the porch.  Sheriff Perry, gun in hand, follows Irv inside. Looks around  the room, wary but settling.  If you wake her, I’ll be mighty  pissed. And you don’t want that.  Sheriff eyes him.  The heat keeps rising. Vibrations now, items on the desk  SHAKE lightly as Andy tries to calm Charlie.  ANDY  That hits Andy in the gut as...  THE DOOR OPENS. Irv and Sheriff Perry stand in the doorway,  the light illuminating Essi, sleeping in her wheelchair.  Andy and Charlie remain as still as possible.  UNDER THE DESK: Andy holds Charlie tight as tears form in the  corner of the girl’s eyes. Paper stacked beneath the desk  starts to warp, curl, and... burn, smoking.  The underside of the desk starts to char.  Charlie breathes... and calms.  Sheriff Perry seems satisfied and...  As you can see, just me, sleeping  wife, dumb TV, hot-ass room, and a  ...slowly closes the study door. The voices of Sheriff Perry  and Irv move back out onto the porch.  Andy and Charlie relax. The CRUNCH OF GRAVEL as the cops walk  back to their cruisers.  Andy and Charlie emerge from under the desk and tiptoe to the  window, looking out to see...  ...Irv pats Sheriff Perry on the back as the Sheriff opens  his car door and the other officers get back in their cars.  Sorry to drag you out here.  --Sheriff Perry’s head snaps back as a bullet rips through  his forehead.  The gunshot is followed by five others in quick secession --  a SHOOT-OUT ensues.  Andy and Charlie duck, glancing over the window sill to see  gunfire erupting from the darkness.  The cops fire back but don’t last long. Each is torn apart by  heavy hitting tracer rounds.  Irv races inside -- but he’s hit in the knee, legs crumpling  under him as he hits the front porch. He screams.  Charlie sees him, bleeding and begging. Her anger rises...  Then the window above them SHATTERS from a bullet blast.  Charlie SCREAMS and--  --THE FRONT DOOR EXPLODES OFF ITS HINGES, a thousand shards  of wood and glass. FLAMES lick the walls but dissipate.  Charlie runs out of the now door-less entrance to find Irv  nursing a bloody wound on his leg.  I’m sorry, I’m sorry...  Andy quickly follows to the porch just as Rainbird emerges  from the darkness, a scoped rifle in hand.  Charlie, run.  Andy makes his way down to the gravel driveway to face off  against Rainbird. The big man slings his rifle onto his back.  Run, Charlie! Run now!  Rainbird clocks Charlie but Andy yells--  Rainbird turns back to him.  Rainbird almost smiles. He steps forward.  Andy focuses, locking eyes with Rainbird. Trying to push.  Rainbird is momentarily stunned by Andy’s push, his own  sclera speckled with spots of blood as vessels burst.  Charlie gets up, still holding Irv’s hand. But Irv pulls away  and waves for her to leave him before...  ...She darts down the steps and runs around the back of the  house. Charlie races out into a stubbled field.  Andy pushes harder than he ever has, with everything... The  damaged sclera re-bleeds; gore runs in rivulets down his face.  But Rainbird steps forward, somehow pushing back...  Andy fights, struggling. His eyes bleed, his head shakes.  This is different than we’ve seen, deeper, more painful...  CRACK!  The butt of Rainbird’s rifle clocks Andy across the jaw. He  goes down hard -- the spell is broken.  Andy struggles back up to see Rainbird gone, chasing Charlie.  Then... Andy smiles.  Rainbird runs to the middle of the field -- far from the  house -- when he stops and looks around. No sign of Charlie.  ...Rainbird spins around, sees Charlie in the far distance,  at the front of the house -- how? Realizing he’s been fooled,  we see what he’s discovered in a series of QUICK FLASHBACKS:  ANDY’S EYES, pushing Rainbird moments ago--  RAINBIRD’S EYES, tracking Charlie to the BACK OF THE HOUSE--  ECU ON ANDY’S EYES, bleeding and struggling as never before--  THE VISION OF CHARLIE seems to vaporize, like an apparition--  AS THE REAL CHARLIE runs past Andy toward the woods in FRONT  OF THE HOUSE.  Andy made Rainbird see things that weren’t there.  Andy, wrecked from the push, mouth bloodied from the rifle.  He summons his strength to wave towards the woods, where  Charlie waits behind a tree, pale with panic.  He can barely speak. Charlie shakes her head, doesn’t want to.  Rainbird appears around the edge of the house.  Charlie’s eyes dart between Andy and Rainbird...  AT LAST SHE RUNS, quickly vanishing in the thick overgrowth.  Andy exhales deeply, then drags himself towards one of the  dead cops, reaching for his gun but--  Rainbird’s boot finds it first, kicks it away.  Rainbird leans down to Andy, who rolls to his back, wheezing.  RAINBIRD  She is special. More special than even  you understand. Can you see the beauty  inside your terror?  THE STOCK OF THE GUN GOES CRACK IN HIS FACE.  Andy is instantly knocked out, nose broken. Rainbird stands,  turns to the forest and watches, waiting.  SHOP CARS careen into the farm’s driveway, sending pebbles  scattering. AGENTS jump out, armed, and race into the trees.  One drags Andy’s unconscious body away.  Rainbird doesn’t move, a smile spreads across his face as...  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER (O.S.)  What in the unholy hell happened here?  ...Captain Hollister appears behind the giant, gun drawn. She  looks at the dead cops, scattered about the yard.  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER  Rainbird doesn’t turn, stays watching the trees. The flicker  of flashlights deep in the woods as the Agents search.  Rainbird says nothing. Hollister studies his scarred face.  There’s a glimmer in his eyes.  She looks down at the dead cops again.  Rainbird remains stoic.  She signals to Shop agents who run over, weapons drawn, and--  Take this shitbird to the Shop.  --they kick Rainbird to the ground. Amazingly, he lets them.  CHARLIE RUNS THROUGH THE FOREST as fast as she can. The rising  sun bleaching the trees and leaves around her.  FAR AWAY FROM THE FARM NOW, finally she slows and stops,  catching her breath. Winded and every muscle aching.  She looks around. Tall trees enclose her beneath their  canopy, keeping out the light.  The woods expand in all directions. There is no north or  south, east or west. There is only the woods.  Charlie sits on a log and starts to cry. Sobs drown out the  chirp of birds and flitter of insects.  The sun fading. Charlie wanders, lost. Afraid. Wondering what  to do, how she will find her way out. How she will survive.  IN A CLEARING, she gathers wood, makes a pile on the forest  floor. But there’s UNDERBRUSH everywhere, she does not clear  it. If it catches fire, the whole forest could go up.  Charlie stands over the pile of wood, focusing... Gathering  the nerve to use her power. She swallows, nervous...  Then she pushes out the heat. The wood catches fire -- she  smiles -- but then it gets away from her, spreads wildly.  THE UNDERBRUSH AFLAME, it climbs every tree in sight.  Charlie cries, running away from the flames, until suddenly--  HER HEAD BURSTS INTO FLAMES.  Her face blisters and burns, the skin peels away.  Charlie gives a guttural, blood-curdling SCREAM--  THEN SHE WAKES UP.  She’d fallen asleep by the unlit wood pile. She sits up,  scared. Trying to settle her nerves, Charlie says her mantra.  Trees, rocks, wood, sky, clouds...  She stands, clears away the underbrush. As she touches it:  The temperature dropping, she shivers.  Then she focuses on the unlit fire. She swallows, nervous...  THEN SHE LIGHTS IT.  The wood catches, but nothing else.  She smiles, relieved by her newfound control. She warms  herself by the fire.  A loud POP from the fire brings her attention to the shadows  surrounding her. And, in the flickering light, she sees it:  A silhouette. A man standing in the darkness, just like in  her drawing. Just like Rainbird.  Charlier straightens, frightened, her face flushing but the  silhouette doesn’t stir. The air begins to vibrate, the fire  growing and growing in size to reveal--  Rainbird is not watching her from the shadows. There is  nothing there, only a conical pine. Charlie exhales, as...  ...WE DRIFT over forest and follow a road as it transitions  from trees to more roads then the lights of a small town and  then past it... Miles and miles and miles...  Until finally we descend to an OLD HOTEL, somewhere on the  coast of Massachusetts.  massive compound of white wooden buildings that stretch  across the beachfront.  WAVES CRASH on nearby rocks, their sounds ECHO through the  hazy air. Another CRASH, a spray of water, and we move into--  A cold and sterile place. We find Rainbird, blindfolded,  cuffed to a metal bar on the wall. A prisoner now.  WE CONTINUE MOVING, out of his room and down the hall,  descending stairs and floors until we find ourselves in--  A ROOM MADE OF GLASS, where we find Andy, unconscious,  strapped to a chair. Eyes covered in blacked-out goggles.  Harsh light beams down from overhead.  Andy weakly lifts his head. Does he know where he is?  Then his head droops again, as--  --CHARLIE WAKES, in the middle of the forest. Morning light  filters through the trees.  ANDY’S VOICE ECHOES in her mind, along with the sound of  CRASHING WAVES. A strange sound, an ocean in the forest.  The sound carries her eyes to--  moment, then it fades away with the sound of the waves.  Charlie stands, confused and hungry. Dirty and cold. Still no  sense of direction. Just trees surrounding on all sides.  She sets off through the trees.  Charlie comes to a stream. The water looks clean, she drinks.  Her stomach GROWLS, she holds it.  Then she follows the river downstream.  Charlie walks the river’s edge. Then she spots, sitting under  a low bush... A RABBIT, munching roots.  She stops, quiet. An idea forming in her mind... She swallows,  steps closer, gathering her will...  Then she summons something from deep within her.  CHARLIE  The heat rises, the air shimmering around her before, Charlie  narrows her eyes and the BUSH BURSTS INTO FLAMES.  The rabbit runs. Charlie explodes with frustration.  A GREY SQUIRREL skitters from a wave of heat. FROGS pop like  popcorn in the shallows. A CROW on a branch explodes in puff  of smoke and feathers...  A despondent Charlie collapses in a frustrated heap and  begins to sob. The forest hums, oblivious to her.  The sun low, the shadows deep. Charlie clomps through the  underground, branch-lashed and exhausted.  She stops short, startled:  A DEER looking up at her from the river’s edge. It’s a buck,  with huge antlers. It stands frozen.  As does Charlie. Heat rises. Leaves wilt on trees.  Charlie breathes deep. Then her eyes narrow, focusing in on  the deer. She whispers:  The deer stares back at Charlie as if in a trance, the air  warping around it from the heat, as WE HARD CUT TO:  Cooking over a fire.  Charlie eats the meat, gaining energy. But she’s filthy,  covered in gristle and blood, hair matted with sweat and  dirt. Hasn’t showered in days.  SHE FOLLOWS THE RIVER  Until at last she sees, far in the distance...  Light.  A empty two-lane in the middle of nowhere. A thick line of  trees on either side. But no traffic, only quiet.  A long beat, then Charlie McGee steps out of the woods. Into  daylight. She’s a different girl now. She has power, control.  She sets off down the road.  The sun is high in the sky as Charlie walks a lonely back  road, sprinkled lightly with houses and cars.  She eyes the houses as she passes them. Laundry hangs from a  line in one yard. A small CHILD plays on his jungle gym.  Then LAUGHTER draws Charlie out of her reverie.  IN THE DISTANCE, THREE BOYS approach on bikes. They cruise  past Charlie, wearing backpacks and ballcaps. On their way  home from school, they’re probably thirteen.  A few yards past, they circle back, pass by again. Checking  out this weird kid, her clothes dirty and torn, hair a mess.  They circle her slowly, but she keeps her head down.  FIRST KID  Where you goin?  They all laugh. Charlie keeps walking, ignoring them. Until:  Charlie stops. The boys stop. Anger bubbles inside her. She  stares at the First Kid. Is she trying to push?  Then the familiar LOW RUMBLE, the SHIVER through her body and  she cracks her neck before his pupils dilate.  A long, tense beat... Then the kid steps off his bike. He  hands it over. The other two are baffled.  SECOND KID  The hell are you doing, Dale?  Charlie turns to the Second Kid, and it happens again. She  leans in and -- pop -- his eyes dilate. It’s easy for her.  She points to his backpack.  SECOND KID  He pulls off his pack, hands it over. Mild confusion on his  face, as though he knows what he’s doing but isn’t sure why.  Guys...?  Third Kid is really wigged out. Charlie looks him up and  down. Brand new Converse, pristine jeans, fancy jacket. She  looks at her own clothes. Holes in her knees, shoes ripped...  ON THE WHEELS OF THE BIKE as Charlie rides off. WE MOVE UP TO  REVEAL her new Converse, clean jeans, and nice jacket. The  pack strapped to her back, eating a sandwich, and smiling...  IN HER WAKE, the boys watch is vague bemusement, Third Kid in  bare feet and tightie-whiteys.  Suddenly Charlie hits the brakes, skids out, turns back.  They stare blankly.  A beat, then they all point vaguely east. She rides off.  THROUGH THE FRONT DOOR, we see Charlie ride up, drop her bike  on the sidewalk and walk through the doors. She heads straight  for the bathroom.  Charlie washes her face in the sink, cleans herself. A WOMAN  nearby eyes Charlie in the mirror, curious.  Charlie watches her a beat, then sticks out her tongue. The  woman minds her own business.  Charlie approaches the ticket booth, focused and determined.  A CASHIER in thick glasses waits behind the glass.  Charlie concentrates, pop, and the Cashier’s pupils dilate.  A GREYHOUND BUS makes its way up the coast of Massachusetts,  as the sun rises over the Atlantic.  INSIDE the sparsely-filled bus, Charlie sits alone, her weary  but attentive eyes focused out the window. HOTELS pass by. She  eyes each one, but sees no match for the image in her head.  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER (PRE-LAP)  Rise and shine, Mr. McGee. Or is it  Mr. Burton? Or Mr. Rozelle?  Andy’s head is drooped and lifeless. Eyes still hidden behind  the blacked-out goggles. He can see nothing.  Captain Hollister SLAPS Andy’s face. Andy rouses slightly.  Flanked by Armed Guards, Hollister sits in a chair almost  knee-to-knee with Andy.  Andy can barely make the words.  Andy turns away.  ensure she’s safe.  His words impact her, despite her efforts to resist.  OFF ANDY, confidently stoic...  The sun is high in the sky now. Light reflects off the water,  makes Charlie squint. Hours have passed, no sign of the hotel.  Charlie is losing hope. And growing anxious. Feeling alone,  scared. Missing her father, her mother.  The bus grows warmer. Sweat beads on a CHUBBY GUY sitting  near Charlie. He loosens his tie, calls to the BUS DRIVER.  CHUBBY GUY  Think the A/C is broke, man.  BUS DRIVER  Think your diet is broke, man.  More heat now, low vibrations. OTHER PASSENGERS look around,  confused. Charlie breathes, trying to keep the power at bay.  Then she sees it.  THE HOTEL FROM HER VISION, stretched across the beachfront.  Charlie runs up to the front of the bus, grabs the Driver’s  shoulder and he turns to look at her as -- POP...  ...His pupils dilate and he suddenly SLAMS THE BRAKES.  Passengers are THROWN FORWARD.  What the hell, man?  Zoned out, the Driver grabs the PA:  He opens the door and Charlie exits.  The bus pulls away, revealing Charlie’s in a small beach  town. Mostly empty here in the off-season.  Charlie stands across the street from the old hotel. Observing  it. Several cars fill the lot. Looks benign, unassuming. A MAN  exits the building. A WOMAN parks, walks inside.  Charlie wonders if she’s made a mistake. Wonders if her  father is even alive, or if it’s all in her imagination.  She walks to a nearby bench, takes a seat. Her eyes locked on  the old hotel, she waits...  Moonlight dances off the ocean. Waves crash. Most of the cars  have left the lot of the old hotel; only a few remain. But  the bench where we left Charlie is empty. Where is she?  AGENT DONNIE JULES steps out, simple suit and leather  briefcase, talking on his phone. A keycard hangs from a  lanyard around his neck. He walks across the lot to his car.  the end of the tunnel...  He opens the door and climbs into the car -- but doesn’t see  Charlie slip into the backseat opposite him.  Agent Jules settles in, closes the door, clips his seatbelt.  He hangs up, cranks the car and shifts into the Reverse. He  turns to back up -- and he sees her. He jams the brakes.  What the hell--  car in Park.  He shifts into Park and reaches for the door to escape -- but  the doors instantly LOCK. Charlie’s power.  A SECURITY GUARD watches the silent screens from a desk. We  see the various rooms and hallways around the hotel.  And we see the PARKING LOT, where Agent Jules’ car is parked.  From the high angle and grainy image, we can’t see anything  inside. Just a parked car. All looks normal.  Jules puts his hands over his face, turns away from Charlie.  CHARLIE  He pulls his phone from a hip holster, hands it backward,  keeping one hand over his face. She takes it, tosses it aside.  And the card around your neck.  He pulls the lanyard from around his neck, gives it to her.  She reads his name off the badge/swipe car.  AGENT JULES  carry them.  He mumbles, terribly frightened.  The car slowly HEATS UP. Jules begins to sweat.  What’s happening? What are you doing?  THE HEAT RISES SWIFTLY, oppressive. Jules bangs on the door  but can’t open it. He’s terrified, stammering.  the bottom, but it’s restricted, only  The heat is SEARING NOW. The air is thick. Agent Jules is  breathing hard but slowly, cautiously reaches to his holster.  Jules carefully, silently pulls his gun without Charlie  seeing. He positions it under his arm, aimed at her.  Answer me. Is the giant inside?  Charlie glances up at the rearview mirror and sees the gun in  Agent Jules’ hand and A BLAST GOES OUT OF HER, reactionary.  Jules is BLOWN into the windshield. Side windows BUST OUT.  Fire CONSUMES the front seat.  We see broken glass on the ground outside the car, but the  image is small. The guard doesn’t even notice.  The fire dissipates. Charlie takes in her destruction. Tears  form in her eyes, overwhelmed by what she sees.  Agent Jules has been blasted through the steering wheel. It  protrudes from his stomach like a growth.  The skin has burned from half his face, his skull exposed.  His torched hair smolders. Clothes burned into flesh, skin  charred on arms and legs. A horror.  Yet somehow he is alive. He tries to breathe, coughing blood.  His lungs sound like a wet vac. His eyes wild with a fear  most men have never known. Charlie’s tears turn to anger.  An awful darkness falls upon her, a change. Bloodshot eyes  become blank and callous. She mimics her father:  He’s in pain, Charlie. You have to put  him out of his misery.  Charlie breathes deep. Agent Jules’ eyes go wide, he mouths  the word NO... Then she blasts him to ash. Swift and brutal.  There is no going back now. She slips out the door.  A BANK OF SCREENS - MOMENTS LATER  As Jules’ car CATCHES FIRE.  SECURITY GUARD #1  He hits a buzzer.  Jules’ entire car is engulfed in flames. GUARDS and AGENTS  flood into the lot. Two of them carry fire extinguishers.  They douse the car.  Charlie swipes Jules’ keycard, slips inside. Unseen.  The smoke clears and they see what remains of Agent Jules. He  is unrecognizable. A Guard pulls out his phone, dials.  Captain Hollister answers her phone.  Shit, sorry... But we’re ready.  Charlie creeps to the corner of the main hallway, peers out.  It’s quiet. This floor of the old hotel looks like it hasn’t  changed in a hundred years. Victorian furniture, dressed to  the nines. But it hides a darkness beneath.  Charlie glances up, sees a CAMERA in the corner. A red light  indicates it’s recording. A quick glance down the hall and  she sees two others. She pulls her head back, thinks.  Then leans out, focuses on the cameras. Red lights ZAP OUT.  As half the screens suddenly go dark. But there’s no guard to  notice -- he’s out in the parking lot with the others.  Charlie creeps quickly down the hallway, ducking beneath  windows and doors to avoid being seen.  THEN VOICES DOWN THE HALL -- Charlie ducks down a hallway.  She waits... TWO AGENTS pass, don’t see her. She breathes,  looks around. Sees an ELEVATOR down the hall.  Charlie punches the DOWN button.  DING! The doors open, she steps on.  The doors close behind Charlie. She studies the buttons.  Seven floors descend beneath her, each labeled with a number.  The bottom floor is labeled RESTRICTED. She hits it.  The elevator descends. Charlie waits in the quiet hum. The  elevator lurches to a halt. DING!  The doors open to a DARK CORRIDOR, subterranean. Harsh domes  of light shine down from overhead.  There is no one in sight. This is curious.  Charlie moves slowly through the hallway. Turning corners,  left and right. Walking by empty rooms that look like cells.  She walks and walks until... CLANK--  All the lights go out. Pitch black.  Charlie footsteps stop. All we hear is her breathing.  But WE SEE HER in night-vision, as if from a camera. Her  hands scrambling along a wall, trying to feel her way.  WE TURN TO REVEAL: There are THREE ARMED GUARDS in night-  vision goggles watching her.  Cautiously, a bit panicked, Charlie feels along the walls and  begins to move again, the Armed Guards moving in front of her.  They close doors ahead of her, leading her...  She turns a corner, then another, merely feeling her way, but  moving faster, getting more comfortable until--  BOOM.  Lights go on at the end of the hall. SHE STOPS IN HER TRACKS.  ANDY’S CELL, walled in glass. Her father inside, strapped to a  chair under bright white light, his head hanging limp again.  With each step she draws closer to her father...  Her speed increases...  She reaches the cell, bangs upon the thick glass wall.  She bangs some more, but Andy’s head remains lifeless.  She looks for a door, a way to get in. There is none. The  glass is thick as cinder block, and sealed from all sides.  Daddy! Wake up!  Faint movement now. Andy struggles to open his eyes. Then he  does. And he sees her. Finds strength for the briefest smile.  His voice echoes from a tinny speaker above her. But then his  smile drops.  The three Armed Guards appear behind her.  Then, as if on cue, Captain Hollister EMERGES FROM THE  SHADOWS behind Andy, whose head slumps again.  She sits in a chair nestled snug against Andy. Back-to-back,  she uses Andy’s body as protection from Charlie and the heat.  She keeps her eyes turned away from Charlie.  To this Charlie has no response.  Andy fades in and out of consciousness.  Hollister can hear the anger in her voice.  She doesn’t answer. But they both know it’s true.  Hollister holds, not about to be ordered around by a pre-teen.  Charlie holds out her arm, looks at it... Then her jacket  sleeve CATCHES FIRE.  CAPTAIN HOLLISTER  The flame runs up Charlie’s arm.  Andy can hardly keep his eyes open.  A long beat, Charlie’s eyes boring holes through Hollister...  It’s a game of chicken.  Then Charlie pulls off her jacket, stamps out the fire.  Andy’s head droops again. His eyes are fully bloodshot, past  the point of no return.  Not the answer she was expecting.  Charlie starts pacing now, turning circles.  VIBRATIONS fill the air around Charlie.  Three things I can hear. Speakers,  breathing, lies...  Andy swallows, gathering strength. Charlie is confused, but  her father’s words calm her. The vibrations recede...  Tears form in her eyes. VIBRATIONS return.  But Hollister is emboldened, rolling the dice.  Andy summons something from deep inside himself, then he  finds his daughter’s eyes.  Andy’s stare intensifies. BLOOD DRIPS from the corner of his  bloody eyes. Like his brain is breaking. Charlie, confused...  But just as she realizes what’s happening -- her eyes DILATE.  Hollister presses her body against Andy’s, protecting herself.  Charlie just stares, but in disbelief or hypnosis, it’s  impossible to say...  A beat of terrible tension, waiting... Finally:  Then her gaze turns from Andy... And she focuses on Hollister.  She exhales slowly and cracks her neck -- the push.  Instantly, the Captain’s pupils dilate. Charlie leans in and  the Armed Guards step closer.  A tense beat before the lights flicker. Suddenly brightening.  THE TEMPERATURE RISES.  Hollister wraps her arms around Andy and squeezes hard.  IN AN INSTANT the cell is pulsing with heat. Charlie’s stare  intensifies. Hollister begins to tremble...  Muscles twitch and contort, violently...  CHARLIE  Then CURLS OF SMOKE rise from the Captain’s nostrils... her  ears... her mouth...  Charlie is burning her from the inside out.  She pulls herself from Andy, steps back, waves to the Armed  Guards. They stand down, holstering their weapons.  Smoke stops curling from her nostrils and mouth. Hollister  coughs several times to clear it. Wipes away sweat and soot.  With a clank, a lock is undone and a door to the side of the  glass cell opens. Hollister ushers Andy out, undoes his  handcuffs. Beaming, Charlie runs to her father.  Andy sweeps her up in his arms.  The moment is heightened, dreamlike...  Holding his daughter, Andy turns to the Captain.  Charlie narrows her eyes and Hollister nods, controlled.  stands in their way.  The Armed Guards step aside as Andy carries Charlie down the  hallway, the lights bright enough to remove all shadows.  Charlie steps out of the elevator hand-in-hand with Andy to  find TWENTY ARMED SOLDIERS waiting, AUTOMATIC RIFLES lowered.  Andy is awed as they walk between the Soldiers who part as  though they’re in the presence of royalty.  They make their way through the front doors and out to...  ...Where the night is quiet, stars twinkle overhead and the  moon full, shining down on them. Gravel crunches underfoot.  Andy stops, takes Charlie’s hands. His eyes sparkling.  world, Sweet Charlie...  They look up -- SNOWFLAKES drift slowly down from the sky.  Charlie smiles and hugs Andy close... But WE PUSH in on Andy  to see his pupils are DILATED...  The pupils open LARGER and LARGER as...  WE PULL BACK -- reversing through imagery we’ve just seen:  Stepping outside; passing the soldiers by the elevator; the  lights flickering brighter; Captain Hollister waving the  Armed Guards back, to REVEAL...  Andy is NOT OUTSIDE but still in the--  --AND HE IS ON FIRE.  Oblivious to the heat, Andy is lost in the pushed reverie.  Burning violently with the Captain wrapped around him. Charlie  has pushed the escape, the kept promise, into his mind.  But it was too easy. It was a lie.  Hollister’s mouth moves frantically, but her lungs and vocal  cords cannot make words. Sounds choked with hisses and smoke.  The skin on the Captain’s face bubbles, then bursts. Her  hands and arms and chest follow suit.  The heat in the room is remarkable now. The foot-thick glass  MOANS AND CRACKS.  Andy smiles, eyes glazed over in a beatific fugue state with  Hollister’s burning body wrapped around his own, and...  Andy’s eyes roll back in his head, as the fire consumes his  body and Charlie, no tears in her eyes, focuses on Hollister,  roasting meat before she falls, crumbling, to the floor.  Dead.  THE GLASS WALL SHATTERS-- CHARLIE IS BLOWN BACK by the force--  ALARMS SOUND-- SPRINKLERS RAIN DOWN--  Charlie climbs slowly to her feet, rattled but alive. She  stands alone as water rains upon her, clearing the smoke.  No remains of Andy or Hollister to be found.  Blasted to nothing.  Charlie breathes.  As MILITARY TRUCKS storm the parking lot. ARMORED GUARDS file  out, head into the building. HUGE GUNS at the ready.  She turns away from the scene of destruction, sprinklers  still raining on her.  The hallway behind her is empty. She walks.  She passes an open office, where an IT GUY hides in a corner,  holding a stapler for protection.  Charlie BLASTS HIM WITH FIRE. Swift and brutal. Only a  charred skeleton remains.  She steps back into the corridor just as--  A DOOR BURSTS OPEN DOWN THE HALL. TWO GUARDS race out, guns  drawn. Charlie sends out the power--  THEIR HEADS CATCH FIRE like human matchsticks. They fall to  the ground, flailing. Even the sprinklers can’t relieve them.  Charlie marches by them toward the door they sprang from.  UNTIL ONE OF THEM GRABS HER ANKLE--  HE YANKS HER UPON HIM. She slaps and kicks at the burning man  until finally the agent dies and the fire is out.  She scrambles to her feet, holes in her jeans from the burns.  She’s covered in blood and black flesh, soaked with water.  She stumbles to the door. It opens onto:  She looks up. The stairs run seven floors to the top. To  freedom. She starts up--  Just as GUARDS burst through two floors above. Charlie  reaches the next level, heads through the door, back into--  --a hallway that stretches out before her. Endless doors line  the hall, countless corridors bisect it.  Charlie marches down the hall, undeterred. A DOOR OPENS  behind her and an AGENT leans out, gun drawn.  Charlie feels his presence and spins -- THE DOOR SLAMS SHUT,  pinning the agent between the door and doorframe.  He drops the gun. The door presses in on his sternum, his  face. His breathing is labored, trying to pry it off, but it  won’t budge. Charlie heaves forward--  --and we hear the soft crack of breaking bones, then the  agent goes limp. Charlie watches the life go from him.  She ends the power and he drops like a stone.  She keeps walking. TWO SOLDIERS leaps from a corner with  AUTOMATIC RIFLES and FIRE--  But Charlie sends out the heat the BULLETS DISINTEGRATE in  mid-air. They keep shooting, but nothing hits her.  She continues toward them. Their guns empty. They stand  their, slack-jawed.  Then she THROWS THE HEAT and it blasts them into the back  wall -- and through it. Just a smoldering crater is left.  Charlie spins to see a FEMALE AGENT racing away.  The agent obeys, throws her hands in the air. She’s trembling.  She drops to her knees as if in surrender. Tears in her eyes.  kids... Rebecca and Liv...  Charlie listens. For a moment. And does not see the TWO ARMED  AGENTS sneaking up behind her...  ...But she feels them, and suddenly turns on them, sending  TWO SPIRALS OF HEAT instantly through them. A hole in each  man’s chest, punched clean through. The size of a softball.  They drop dead to the floor.  Charlie turns hard on Gail -- and a BLAST OF HEAT COLLAPSES  HER CHEST, burns her torso. She falls dead to the floor.  Charlie continues on.  Charlie enters the stairwell -- where FORTY ARMED SOLDIERS  stand above her, AUTOMATIC RIFLES LOCKED AND LOADED.  But he’s barely finished when a WAVE OF FIRE SWALLOWS THEM  WHOLE. Bodies fall past Charlie to the bottom of the stairs.  Then there is only the sound of the flickering flames against  the spray of the sprinklers. There is no one left to kill.  Charlie marches up the stairs, through the fire and corpses.  Then onto the top floor...  ...Back where she started. Charlie walks the empty hallway.  Sprinklers raining down, but she doesn’t care. She throws open  doors with her mind, searching. But the rooms are empty, too.  She passes a window -- and sees her reflection. It stops her.  Blood and darkness cover her. A little girl, lost.  She blinks. As if coming to from the fog. The push is lifting.  And as she stares at the frightful image, a strange thing  happens. The sprinklers wash away the blood.  Charlie emerges from beneath the mask of destruction. The last  strains of hope. She reaches the last door, throws it open...  And there he is. Alone, strapped to a chair like her father.  His face bloodied and bruised from a brutal beating.  Rainbird.  They stare at each other a long, tense beat.  She steps in, closer. Right up to him.  He holds, stoic. Then opens his arms.  She studies his scars.  She considers this. Looks into his eyes.  Then she focuses on the straps that bind him... they smoke,  crumble, fall to the floor. His arms and legs are free.  Then she turns and walks away.  Rainbird watches her go, quietly astonished.  The blackened windows do not betray the devastation inside.  The front door opens. Charlie exits into the quiet night.  She walks through the parking lot, heading for the beach.  MOMENTS LATER, Rainbird exits. Follows her path like a shadow.  Charlie glances back, sees that he’s clear of the building...  Then the Old Hotel explodes. As though hit by an atomic bomb.  It lights up the sky, the ocean.  Wood and glass and metal and brick blast into the night. The  heat shatters windows hundreds of yards away.  The power takes something from Charlie. She buckles, but  keeps walking. Rainbird continues behind her.  Charlie reaches the surf, as the Old Hotel burns in the  distance behind her. She takes off her shoes. Her toes dabble  in the water. She splashes some on her face, cleans it.  She glances behind her, but Rainbird is gone. She looks into  the darkness a long beat, but cannot see him.  She sits on the sand, staring out at the water. Tapped out,  exhausted. She falls back on the sand. Her eyes close.  A long beat. Charlie asleep on the beach.  Then two feet appear beside her. Rainbird bends, lifts her up.  The sun breaks the horizon, creeps into the sky. We frame  them against the red orb glowing.  The little girl and the monster.  Charlie’s eyes slowly open. She looks up at the man. Then  back at the hotel, far in the distance. Engulfed in flames.  Firetrucks and cop cars arrive on the scene. People film the  devastation on their phones.  Charlie watches it all for a moment, then turns back to  Rainbird. She nods, then her head droops again. She sleeps.  He walks down the beach, carrying the girl... On their way to  who knows where.