 Kyle Hunter & Ariel Shaffir A 7-year-old boy, GREG YOUNG, pops out of bed, excited. He runs to his desk, grabs a pencil, then marks his height on the wall. He hears some LOUD NOISES down the hall. Curious, he creeps towards the door when suddenly, his 10 year old sister, JUNE, BURSTS into his room and shuts the door with urgency! June starts dumping all the toys out of the chest. Greg stares at the toy chest, his heart pounding. Then he runs to his CLOSET. Greg pulls out a WINTER COAT. Greg quickly climbs into the toy chest. Greg nods and June closes the toy chest. WE STAY IN GREG’S POV INSIDE THE DARK AND CONFINING TOY CHEST. Greg tries again. Nothing. Frustrated, he tries to push open the toy chest only to realize he’s locked in. He starts POUNDING to get out but it’s no use. He panics. Then the Offspring’s “Keep Em Separated” starts BLARING AT FULL BLAST. It’s torture. Greg bangs on the lid like he’s trying to get out of a coffin. His SCREAMS MORPH into the SCREAM OF AN ADULT- GREG (now in his 30s) wakes up SCREAMING, in a cold sweat. His wife NICOLE (30s), who is sleeping face-to-face with him, is startled awake and screams right in his face: 3:02am. They both groan, trying to get back to sleep. Then- Their 4-year-old AARON is standing at the foot of their bed, horror-movie style. Nicole rolls over. Greg GROANS and gets up. Greg, half-asleep, strips the sheets, and flips the mattress - - there are pee stains everywhere. It’s 4:01am. Greg and Nicole are fast asleep again. Their other son, ANDREW (5) is now standing by their bed. Andrew climbs in bed and clings onto his mom. Andrew gets in a position where he’s splayed across the bed, clinging to Nicole with his feet kicking Greg’s back. Neither of them will be sleeping tonight. The house is a mess. Chipped paint and magic markers on walls, scratches on floors, toys everywhere. Greg and Nicole look utterly exhausted as they prepare breakfast, clean-up after the boys, fold laundry, etc. Once the plates are on the table, Greg sits down to review PAPERWORK. Andrew and Aaron dive onto the couch and climb on furniture, knocking over Nicole’s neat laundry piles. The boys ignore him and continue playing. Greg looks at her - he tried. The boys race to the table and knock over a cup of milk. Some of it SPILLS on Greg’s paperwork. He quickly grabs them. They don’t. Frustrated, Greg pins the dripping papers up on the fridge with an OLD FRIDGE MAGNET (that features a much younger Greg and Nicole as real estate partners). Nicole sees Aaron is on the brink of tears and enthusiastically tries a different tact. This is a touchy subject. The moment is interrupted by Andrew teasing Aaron which then escalates to PUSHING AND FIGHTING. They roll on the ground, wrestling. Both boys cry harder after being yelled at. At the peak of the stress level, Greg announces: Greg’s out the door before Nicole can even respond. Numb to the boys’ crying, she starts cleaning up the spill. JUNE OLSEN (40s, Greg’s sister from the flashback) lays in bed, staring up at the ceiling. She looks troubled. Her husband RANDALL (40s) sleeps beside her. She gets up. June paints on a canvass, now looking calmer and more relaxed, as if this was a form of therapy. June and Randall sit across from each other at the breakfast table, reading the newspaper, not engaging in conversation. Their son, MARTY (11) joins them. June and Randall look at each other, confused, then realize Marty read the headline from the back of the newspaper he’s holding. Randall folds the paper and tucks it away. Their 13-year-old daughter AMY walks in and starts making a smoothie, not acknowledging either of her parents. No response. They look at each other, give a wink and a nod. Amy rolls her eyes, as if even the sound of their voices makes her nauseous. Amy pulls out the 4 TICKETS from her bag. Randall is clearly hurt by this. Amy crosses her arms; this is so unfair. Amy grabs her bag and storms out of the room. Randall calmly picks up his plate and gets up from the table. - HIS MIND FLASHES TO THE FIRST TIME HE HELD AMY IN THE HOSPITAL WHEN SHE WAS BORN. Randall brushes his food scraps into the compost bin... - THE FIRST TIME AMY SAID “DADA” AS AN INFANT. Randall turns on the sink, starts doing the dishes... - AMY TAKING HER FIRST STEPS AND FALLING INTO HIS ARMS. - AMY LEARNING HOW TO RIDE A BIKE. - AMY BEING DROPPED OFF AT HER FIRST DAY OF KINDERGARTEN. - AMY LOOKING RANDALL DEAD IN THE EYE: Randall drops the dish in the sink and breaks down crying. June hugs Randall goodbye and then leaves. He continues doing the dishes, then breaks down crying again. June buckles up, is about to drive, but puts it back in PARK. Clearly Amy’s words sting more than she lets on. She takes a moment to collect herself, then drives off. CLOSE ON Greg’s blissfully sleeping face. We PULL BACK to reveal he’s lying on a couch in his suit. We PULL BACK FURTHER to reveal TWO PEOPLE standing over him. Greg is jolted awake to find his clients MR. and MRS. MENDELSON (60’s) gawking at him. He’s still half-asleep. He gets up and there’s a NOTICEABLE DROOL PUDDLE on the cushion. Greg flips the cushion over. The Mendelsons look very displeased with this man. Nicole and the boys PAINT. It’s everywhere. Bored, Aaron stops and grabs a Nerf Gun. Then Andrew stops and joins him.  next activity? Andrew stares at his mom. Is she getting through to him? Then- He unloads his Nerf Gun on Aaron. Aaron runs away, laughing and knocks over some open paints, splattering the walls. As Nicole grabs some milk, the boys fight over the cart and RAM it into the back of an ELDERLY SHOPPER’S legs.  ELDERLY SHOPPER The Elderly Shopper falls to the ground, clutching her leg. Nicole rushes over to help. The Elderly Shopper is badly hurt, not ready to get up. Andrew pushes Aaron and he trips over the Elderly Shopper’s legs. Nicole physically separates them as CUSTOMERS gather to watch this train wreck. She is mortified. Nicole drives as the boys fight over an iPad. Numb, she stops outside of A PRESCHOOL with an OPEN ENROLLMENT SIGN. She stares longingly at the throngs of kids in the yard. Then, the car behind her honks and she keeps driving. Nicole locks the door, sits on the toilet. Finally, a moment of peace and quiet. Then, she hears the boys looking for her, calling out “MOM” over and over. She says nothing, hoping it will stop. The “MOM” “MOM” MOM” gets closer and closer until both boys are outside the bathroom door, rattling the door knob trying to get in. Nicole puts her head in her hands. Greg parks and looks up the house, not eager to go inside. He enters and sees the house is a sty, paint on the walls. Nicole walks in looking extremely frazzled. This is the one question Greg was hoping she wouldn’t ask. Greg sees how upset Nicole is and feels ashamed. Nicole walks away, devastated. Greg feels like a failure. Randall is on a boring conference call, barely listening. His eyes fall on a framed FAMILY PHOTO of when the kids were much younger. They all looked so happy and together. June paints between TWO SEPARATE ART PIECES that we don’t see, bouncing between them, passionate, TEARS ARE STREAMING DOWN HER FACE. Then- her phone RINGS and snaps her out of it. She quickly wipes away her tears and answers cheerfully: Randall is driving home, shopping bags beside him. Sort of an awkward silence. Randall hangs up, more than a little disappointed. Randall finishes setting the table for dinner. Randall knocks on Amy’s door. Randall opens Marty’s door and sees him watching Twitch. Randall sits alone, sadly eating pot roast in the dark. The YOUNG FAMILY pulls up to the house. Greg gets out, looks to the house, takes a deep breath, before he opens the door. Andrew and Aaron run in to greet Aunt June and Uncle Randall, who are just as excited to receive actual love from a kid. Randall pulls Greg in for a warm hug. Then, Greg and June give each other and a more perfunctory hug. It’s awkward. June pours Nicole some wine. She needs it. REVERSE to see they’re staring at the boys, who are taking dirt from the garden and pouring it on their heads. They take generous sips, lost in their own thoughts. Randall and Greg are at the grill, cooking burgers. Marty walks over with a plate of buns. Randall starts aggressively flipping burgers, uncomfortable. Greg leans over the BBQ to check the RARE BURGERS. Both families sit at the table, chatting. Nobody has touched the burgers. The boys are still PLAYING LOUDLY in the dirt, and it’s bothering Greg. He leans over to Nicole. Nicole turns to Amy, who clearly doesn’t want to be there. The boys continue playing at the same level. Annoyed, Greg walks over to them, kneels down to make his plea: Aaron SQUAWKS right in Greg’s face and continues playing. No respect. Greg rejoins the table and June smirks at him. Greg continues eating though clearly this bothers him a lot. Greg nods, pretending to listen. But all he can focus on is the boys making noise. Again, he gets up from the table. Greg walks to the boys, offers them an iPad. This time they comply and quietly enter the house. Back at the table, June has clocked this transaction. June and Nicole laugh, both buzzed. Greg returns to the table. And June gives him the slightest of shit-eating grins. Everyone laughs to get past this awkward moment. Only adults at the table now and everyone’s even drunker. The wound is still fresh for Randall. Greg self-consciously crosses his legs. Randall takes another massive gulp of wine. June looks at Randall, wishing there was something she could do to help him. The wheels start turning, then... AN EPIPHANY. Greg, Nicole and Randall look at June. Is she serious? June is uncorking another bottle of wine. Greg gives his pitch to Nicole. Nicole is starting to get excited. Then, feels guilty. Greg and Nicole high-five enthusiastically. Greg and Nicole put on their best poker faces. Both couples are back at the table finalizing the details. June and Randall look at each other. Yeah, that’s it. Greg and Nicole look at each other, gleeful. Greg and Nicole burst out laughing. Randall and June smile, also very satisfied with this arrangement. Greg, Nicole and Randall look at each other; they can live with this. They all raise their glasses. They clink glasses. Done deal. Greg and Nicole are driving home, ecstatic. The boys are passed out in their car seats. Greg and Nicole are surprised the boys are actually awake. They look at each other, unsure how to broach the subject. Andrew and Aaron both start whining. Randall and June are cleaning up together. Family meeting in progress. Amy exits. Marty follows. June and Randall share a look; that was insulting, but also easier than expected. Two cars park in front of each other, mafia-style. Randall and June turn around to face their kids. But Amy and Marty have already exited the car. Greg and Nicole turn to face their kids. The boys nod. RAPID SHOTS OF: minivan doors slide open, car seats unlatched, car seats are set on the ground with the BOYS STILL SITTING IN THEM. Greg and Nicole hop back in the minivan and peel off. Randall and June, sweaty, finally get the car seats fastened. The boys CHEER! Randall and June soak it up, turn on the radio and crank the music. Fun! Fun! Fun! Greg and Nicole lead Amy and Marty inside. Nicole opens the door revealing the room’s been re-decorated with ‘nSync posters and other circa 2000 teen girl adornments. Amy looks kind of shocked. Greg and Marty stand over a small air mattress on the floor. But all Marty’s focused on is the DESKTOP COMPUTER. Marty nods. Is this kid really going to make him lunch? Randall, June and the boys enter the park, wide-eyed. Randall and June take off. The boys chase them, excitedly. - They all ride the Toon Town Roller Coaster. It’s hard to tell who’s more excited, the kids or the adults. - They take a GROUP PHOTO WITH GOOFY. - They all eat hot dogs. - The boys walk out of the gift shop with toys. - They ride Splash Mountain and then get the souvenir photo. Nicole and Amy hang out, looking at PICTURES on Amy’s phone. PHOTO of JASMINE, who does not look 13 years old. Nicole senses an opportunity to be a hero. Amy jumps up and hugs Nicole. Nicole beams. Greg and Marty eat sandwiches together. Then: Greg notices Marty looking even sadder. He reels it back. Greg and Nicole meet up. The house is quiet for once. They stare at each other, unsure what to do with themselves. Greg and Nicole pop a bottle of champagne. They drink and clean the house while dancing to music. The boys are on June and Randall’s shoulders, mesmerized by the FIREWORKS display. Randall and June hold hands and smile at each other. They’re reconnecting. The house is spotless. Greg and Nicole admire their work. Greg and Nicole stare at each other in disbelief. Greg and Nicole, in bed, finish the last of the champagne. They lay there for a beat. They kiss each other, both roll over and turn off the lights. Randall and June carry the sleeping boys from the car to their beds, tucking them in. June and Randall get ready for bed. Randall scrolls through the PICTURES he took at Disneyland. June and Randall are woken up by a tug on their blanket. They smile at each other, excited to play hookie together. Randall and June, still in pajamas, make pancakes with the boys, who stand on step stools to reach over the counter. As June hands the egg to Aaron, Andrew reaches over and the egg falls onto the floor, breaking. Aaron starts pouting. Aaron PUSHES Andrew. Andrew SMACKS Aaron back. Before things can escalate, Randall pulls out more eggs from the fridge. Randall takes out an egg, places it on his head, and lets it fall to the ground. The boys laugh. Then, June hands each of the boys their own bowl and egg. Aaron puts the egg on his head and it smashes on the floor. Andrew’s egg falls to the floor. Randall, June, Andrew and Aaron crawl on their hands and knees pretending to be hippos, eating cereal off the floor. June pours more dry cereal on the floor. June and Randall give each other approving nods and then crawl up to each other for a hushed conversation. The boys are now WRESTLING over the cereal on the floor. The boys start KICKING and PUNCHING each other. It’s not working. The boys won’t separate. June and Randall share a knowing look. Greg and Nicole wake up. The clock reads 8:40am. Greg checks his phone and sees 10 NEW TEXTS from June. We see ALL THE HAPPY PHOTOS June and Randall took at Disneyland, capped off with a photo of the boys sleeping with the caption: Bedtime Routine. 2 Seconds #goodparenting Greg and Nicole go to Marty’s room but he’s not in there. As they’re about to leave, they hear the FAINT SOUNDS OF MOANING. It’s coming from the computer. They warily approach the computer. Greg clicks the mouse with a shaky finger. Sure enough, it’s PORNOGRAPHY. Greg checks the SEARCH HISTORY. It’s a long graphic list. Greg and Nicole are startled. Marty sees them at the computer and his face turns beet red, starts looking down. Greg and Nicole are seated across from Marty. Nicole shoots Greg a look. Marty sits back at the desk. Greg disconnects the computer and picks it up. It’s heavier than he thought it would be. Greg looks down at the computer in his hands. Greg finishes reconnecting the computer. He nods to Marty as he and Nicole leave the room. Andrew and Aaron are dressed in bathrobes with PILLOW CUSHIONS TAPED TO THEIR HEADS AND HANDS. They both sit on tiny stools in the corners of a MAKESHIFT BOXING RING. Randall enters the ring and calls them to the middle. The boys nod excitedly as Randall climbs out the ring. June holds up the MINI GONG and a MINI MALLET. Andrew and Aaron unload punches on each other but feel nothing. It’s light and playful, cushions hitting cushions. Andrew lands a big punch, knocking Aaron to the corner. Andrew raises his hands in victory. June and Randall rush over to Aaron for coaching. Aaron gets up, emboldened, charges at Andrew and throws all his weight into a punch. Surprised, Andrew flies back. Andrew gets up, angry. As he winds up for ONE MASSIVE PUNCH, the tape around his wrists comes loose, the cushion flies off, and he LANDS A CRUSHING BLOW TO AARON’S NOSE WITH HIS BARE FIST! Aaron screams, covering his face. June and Randall rush into the ring. They pull Aaron’s hands away and see his NOSE IS BLEEDING AND HIS EYE IS RED. Randall rushes off. June applies a towel to Aaron’s nose as he cries hysterically. This actually starts working. Aaron begins to settle down, catching his breath. June smiles at him and continues. Upon hearing those lyrics, Aaron’s eyes well up with tears. Randall returns and tries to apply the ice to Aaron’s eye. Aaron knocks his hand away, in hysterics. Aaron continues to wail. June and Randall look at each other, unsure what to do. The boys are on the couch, glued to the TV. Randall and June watch them from kitchen. REVEAL Aaron has TWO SWOLLEN EYES and balled-up Kleenex stuffed in his nostrils. June and Randall happily join the kids on the couch. Greg struggles to stage an open house. He’s well-rested and yet, still looks miserable doing this. Then Nicole enters holding a BOUQUET OF FLOWERS. Greg is pleasantly surprised. Nicole puts the bouquet down and then takes a look at the way the living room is staged. Hmmmm. Greg and Nicole are both walking on eggshells, careful not to offend each other. They move the chairs to the new spot. Nicole walks down an empty aisle, shopping alone. Not remotely exciting. Nicole anxiously sits at the table, no idea what to do with herself. Then Marty walks in the door, home from school. She immediately perks up and pounces on him. Marty walks into the office and closes the door. Gross. Nicole returns to the table. She’s restless, antsy. So she decides to text AMY: Nicole - Is 8:00 still cool for a pick-up? AMY - 9:00 would be cooler. I can also get a ride home from Debbie’s mom. Is that okay? Nicole’s a bit disappointed, then types in “No problem” - then changes it to “NP” - then finally settles on “Obvs” and presses send. She stares at her phone, waiting for a response that never comes. June, Randall and the kids are still on the couch, empty pizza boxes on the table, when the movie ends. As soon as Randall turns off the TV, the boys snap out of their zombie-like state and start WRITHING AROUND ON THE COUCH, like they’re crawling out of their skin.  like they’re going through detox. Randall turns the TV back on, and the boys return to their zombie-like state. The show ends and June turns off the TV. The boys’ writhing/flailing is even worse now. June and Randall pick up the boys and carry them to their room. The boys groan and move spastically trying to get away. As June tucks the boys in bed, Randall enters carrying a CHEST OF AMY & MARTY’S CHILDHOOD MEMORABILIA. June and Randall flip through the items in the chest, nostalgic. She pulls out a book. June and Randall start reading with great enthusiasm. The boys snuggle in. June and Randall are loving this. Greg and Marty sit on the couch watching Planet Earth - specifically the part with the starving, yellow polar bear.  find food quickly. Her fat reserves Nicole paces, looking out the window and checking the time. On the TV, there’s a shot of ICE CAPS falling into the ocean. Marty’s eyes well up with tears, and through his glassy eyes we see the reflection of the fallen ice caps. But Greg and Nicole are practically out the door, too distracted to notice their distraught nephew. There’s now a PILE OF BOOKS on the floor. June and Randall look tired but they’re braving through it. June and Randall both get up and kiss the boys good night. Randall sighs, not wanting to disappoint the kids. June heads for the door. Randall notices. Before Randall can say anything else, she’s out the door. Randall looks to the door, yearning to walk through it. Greg and Nicole pull up to the house and approach the front door. Nicole LIGHTLY knocks on it. Greg knocks louder. A 16 YEAR OLD BOY (XANDER) answers. A GIRL flirtatiously pulls Xander away by the arm. Greg and Nicole stand in the open doorway, unsure. The sound of BUMP N’ GRIND R&B MUSIC emanates from the basement. They step inside, slowly moving towards the basement stairs. They inch down the stairs, hearts pounding. They hide behind the wall, careful not to be seen. Nicole puts her phone on CAMERA MODE and holds it out to get a view of the basement: a mix of 13 year old girls and 16 year old boys. Some dancing, some flirting on the couch. Nicole extends her arm further to get a better view. Greg and Nicole gasp. She quickly pulls her arm back. Jasmine rushes over. Greg and Nicole are busted. They step out from behind the wall and try to play it cool. The party stops. All eyes are on them, including AMY, who is mortified. Amy rushes over and pushes Greg and Nicole up the stairs. Some SNICKERING from other kids at the party. Mortified, Amy pushes Greg and Nicole up the stairs. Amy SLAMS the van door behind her. Then, Amy’s phone starts DINGING. She looks at it. Greg swerves, nearly colliding with a fire hydrant. Amy shows them an INSTAGRAM PHOTO on Jasmine’s account -- it’s a GROUP PHOTO of all the girls and boys at the party. Jasmine is holding up a BABY DOLL. Ding. Ding. Ding. Nicole GASPS. Amy scowls out the window. It’s now 11:45pm. Randall is lying on the floor, half-asleep. Randall chokes on his own SNORE, jolting himself awake. He checks the boys -- they’re finally asleep. He tiptoes out of the room and into- - where June is already in bed. Randall joins her. They turn off their bedside lamps and go to bed. Nicole and Greg lie in bed, wide awake. Marty is still awake, completely fixated on the computer screen. We assume he’s on another depraved deep dive into porn. But as the camera turns around, the screen shows he’s actually on a CLIMATE CHANGE DEEP DIVE. Depressing STATISTICS, SOUNDBITES and CLIPS OF ENVIRONMENTAL WUNDERKIND GRETA THUNBERG fly at him off the screen. So much information. All of it bad. 2:04am. Randall and June are fast asleep. Suddenly, they’re jolted awake, horror-movie style, by Aaron who is standing in their bedroom, completely drenched in pee and pouting. Point taken. June leads Aaron out of the bedroom. June changes the sheets and tucks Aaron into bed. Aaron starts LOUDLY WHINING. Worried he might wake up his brother, June relents and starts reading another book. It’s 6am when the boys once again wake June and Randall up. This time, it’s a lot less cute. June and Randall serve the boys breakfast. They’re exhausted and barely talking to each other. They look over at the boys who are now hitting each others’ knuckles with spoons. Randall looks at the boys who are flinging oatmeal at each other’s open mouths, missing and making a huge mess. Nicole is making omelettes while Greg gets ready for work. They hear AMY making her way downstairs. Amy enters wearing HOMEMADE JEAN SHORTS and FAR TOO MUCH MAKE- UP. She makes a smoothie while Greg and Nicole huddle. No response. Greg presses Nicole to keep going. Amy stares at them, seeing through their act. Amy walks out the room. That did not go well. Then Marty walks in, still in his pajamas. In the background we can see Amy stealing money out of Greg’s wallet. Surprised, Greg leaves the room, shaking his head. Nicole nods, then slides the omelette in the trash. As Randall and the boys enter, he proudly presents the place. The boys grab for the same menu and jostle over it, knocking cutlery to the floor. Randall smiles through it. Randall hands Aaron his menu. His eye is extremely swollen. The boys get excited and stop fighting. The boys look around at the OTHER RESTAURANT-GOERS.  HEY! THAT WOMAN LOOKS LIKE THANOS! They start SNAPPING their fingers at the WOMAN. Bored and impatient, the boys lie down at the booth. Andrew kicks the table and some sugar packets pop up in the air. Aaron laughs and then he starts kicking the table too. Randall feels the eyes of OTHER RESTAURANT-GOERS on him. The boys run off and join the many COUGHING KIDS on the climbing structure. Randall rests his head on the table. Nicole enters to find Greg angrily trying to make the bed. CLOSE ON: JUNE’S SOBBING FACE as she engages in more art therapy. Once again, in front of TWO GIANT CANVASSES (from earlier scene), but this time we actually see what she’s painting -- TWO CHILDHOOD PORTRAITS OF AMY & MARTY. She sifts through the CHILDHOOD MEMORABILIA CHEST, pulling out photos of AMY AND MARTY AT DISNEYLAND, BIRTHDAY PARTIES AT PANCAKE PALACE. She digs further and finds Amy and Marty’s CHILDHOOD ART PROJECTS, and starts frantically pinning up their kid art on the canvasses and painting around it. Randall is asleep on the table when he’s jolted awake by the sound of kids shouting “EW!” “GROSS!” He looks up and sees a mass exodus of kids and parents from the climbing structure.  at the top of the play area. Randall has a sinking feeling as only Andrew returns. Randall swears under his breath, trying to keep his cool. Randall and Andrew stand at the bottom of the structure, looking up at Aaron who is all the way at the top. Randall feels the prying eyes of other parents on him. Andrew sees the Waiter dropping off pancakes. Andrew runs back to the table and starts eating. Randall steels himself then starts CONTORTING his body to crawl up the kid-sized openings to get to the top. On the way up, Randall’s LEG SLIPS through a hole in the rope, giving him ROPE BURN. He finally reaches the top and sees Aaron sitting there, looking very embarrassed and upset. Randall spots the only way down: A LARGE SLIDE. Randall positions himself and Aaron at the edge of the slide. He picks Aaron up and holds him in front like a bag of rotting garbage. They slowly slide down together, the whole restaurant watching them. Some people take out their phones and snap pictures. Randall carries Aaron back to the booth. Aaron starts crying, embarrassed. Randall struggles to keep his cool. Andrew ignores Randall. Finally, Randall GRABS Andrew’s arm and drags him out of the booth. Andrew resists. Randall picks up Andrew and carries him under his arm, surfboard style. He carries under his other arm. He calls out to the restaurant. Nicole walks out of the bathroom, wearing a towel, post- shower. She’s startled to find Marty, standing right there. Marty walks off. He already smells pretty bad. Nicole continues down the hallway into- - her bedroom. She checks her phone by the bedside table and sees a TEXT from Amy: “Not home for dinner. Going to study group”. Nicole gets a bad feeling... A CASHIER hands Greg his suit. Greg opens his WALLET to pay but it’s empty. The CASHIER’s heard this before. He takes the suit out of Greg’s hands. Greg gets a bad feeling... Greg and Nicole are pacing in their kitchen. Greg and Nicole stand in front of Marty. Greg and Nicole agree. Marty starts trying out different passwords. June pulls into the garage, which doubles as her HOME ART STUDIO. She sets up her TWO LARGE CANVASSES, admires them, then enters the house- - where she finds the boys on the couch, watching TV. Randall is sitting in a dark room, hunched over and weary. Greg and Nicole are reading Marty’s LIST. Greg begrudgingly takes off his belt and tosses it. Nicole clicks the LOG IN button. They’re in. On Amy’s Instagram feed, they see a DM FROM AMY to Jasmine and her other friends “MANI-PEDIS ON ME!!!!”  squealing in delight. They flip through and find MANY PHOTOS of Amy and her friends getting mani-pedis, smoothies and shopping. Then Greg gets a FACETIME CALL FROM JUNE. Marty shrugs and nods. Good enough. Greg answers. ON FACETIME, June, Randall, and the boys are all dressed in Hawaiian shirts and sunglasses, looking like a happy family. They are all huddled at the table, as Hawaiian music plays. Under the table, we see June rewarding each nice comment with a Hershey’s Kiss. Aaron drops his chocolate and bends down to get them. His sunglasses fall off his face, revealing his BLACK EYE. June recovers the sunglasses and puts them on his face before he’s back in frame. Close call. Greg gets up and hands Marty the phone. Greg scrambles around the kitchen behind the phone, looking for a pen and paper. He settles on the boys’ dry erase board and starts writing talking points: “ALL IS WELL.” But it sounds more like Marty is stiffly reading a prepared hostage statement. Marty freezes. Greg furiously writes: “LIE!!!” Nicole looks out the window and sees Amy approaching. She mouths: “She’s back!” Greg gives Marty the “stretch it out” gesture to buy more time. Marty’s confused. Amy enters. Greg takes the phone back and is about to point it at Amy. He notices the inappropriate outfit she’s wearing and throws the phone to the ground. Greg “struggles” to pick it up, waiting for Amy to enter her room. SLAM! He picks it up, pointing it at the closed door. Nicole sees that her laptop is still open to Amy’s Instagram, and quickly shuts it. Greg knocks on Amy’s door. Greg hangs up the phone and starts hyperventilating. Nicole and Greg knock and slowly open the door. A beat. Greg and Nicole look at each other, unsure. They slink off, apologetically, closing the door behind them. Randall and June are awoken by a STRANGE BARKING SOUND. More barking coughs. This time on top of each other. June takes out her phone and starts checking WebMD. Randall and June are outside in their PJs, shivering, holding the two coughing boys. June wears oven mitts and turns her face away, to keep the germs at bay. Aaron turns his head and coughs in Randall’s face. The Boys laugh which only makes them cough harder. The alarm beeps. Randall and June wake up after another sleepless night. Randall starts COUGHING and SNEEZING. MORE COUGHS from the other room. Randall’s eyes suddenly widen and he rolls out of bed to feebly get dressed for work. Randall ties his tie, sneezes on it, then has to change it. Nicole is showering at breakneck speed. REVEAL Greg is huddled in the corner of the shower, not getting any of the warm water.  eye contact. God, I miss the way BANG! BANG! BANG! Greg and Nicole, clutch each other, cowering at the sound of banging on the door. Nicole scrambles to turn off the shower. Greg still has soap suds all over him. June opens the door and pokes her head inside their room. The boys COUGH and SNEEZE. They look disgusting. This is not going to be a fun day. QUICK CUTS OF JUNE DEALING WITH NEEDY KIDS: - She feeds the boys breakfast. They’re sneezing all over their food and the table. June tries to hide her disgust. Andrew WHINES. June moves in to console him but pats him on the back instead. Then she promptly washes her hands. - The boys get up from the breakfast table, wiping their snotty hands on everything. June follows behind, SANITIZING everything they touch. - Andrew builds a LEGO tower. He sneezes and his hand topples the structure. Frustrated, he starts WHINING and purposely THROWING his Lego across the room. Before she can go help Andrew, she hears a cry from the bathroom: - This devolves into a series of COUGHS, SNEEZES and WHINEY CRIES FOR “AUNT JUNE”. We can see the unrelenting need and the overall grossness is getting to her. June holds out TWO BANDANAS in front of the boys. She’s also wearing one to cover her nose and mouth. June starts tying bandanas around the boys’ faces, careful to avoid any airborne germs. June ducks into the Garage/Art Studio and closes the door. June takes off her mask and takes a deep breath, relieved. She hears more COUGHING and puts in some EAR BUDS to drown it out with music. Then she focuses on her TWO ART PIECES. Greg is about to head out to work. Nicole is at the table. Nicole doesn’t even react, completely fixated on her laptop. The laptop is open to AMY’S INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK and TIK TOK. Greg loosens his tie and sits down next to Nicole. Randall walks down the hallway, shivering and trying to stifle his sneezing. He manages to avoid his CO-WORKERS and sneak into his office where he curls up on his couch to rest. Just as he settles in, there’s a KNOCK on his office door. Busted. Randall gets up from the couch, disappointed. Randall lies uncomfortably in the back seat of his car, using his suit jacket as a blanket. He shivers himself to sleep. Marty walks the halls: plastic water bottles everywhere, a TEACHER throwing stacks of paper into the garbage instead of the recycle bin. In line, Marty sees all the styrofoam containers and food waste. A STUDENT throws some trash in an overflowing garbage can. It falls to the floor. Fed up, Marty grabs the garbage can, climbs on a table, and DUMPS THE GARBAGE ON THE CAFETERIA FLOOR. Everyone turns to the commotion. Marty gets down from the table with purpose. Then notices that no one is following him. CLONK! Marty gets struck in the head with a half-full water bottle. Then another. Then another. Marty ducks out of the cafeteria as water bottles rain down on him. On the way out, Marty spots a FIRE ALARM. He pulls the lever. All the students start rushing for the exits. A SELFIE VIDEO OF AMY, JASMINE, AND TWO OTHER GIRLS. The camera turns to Amy, who’s filming the video. They all cheer! Greg and Nicole stare at the laptop, in horror. Nicole PEELS OUT of the driveway, driving erratically. PING! Greg clicks on the latest video of all the girls singing Halsey’s “Eastside”. Greg plays the video back, PAUSES ON A STREET SIGN. PING! A photo of all the girls, this time in front of a PIERCING-TATTOO PARLOR. Nicole skids to a stop, parking between two spaces. Greg and Nicole run through SHOPPERS, and burst into- The SCREAM startles everyone, including the Piercers and Tattoo Artists working on customers. One PATRON gets an accidental piercing through the cheek! The OWNER steps forward, furious. Amy steps out and Greg rushes over, inspecting her nose. Greg and Nicole look to each other, unsure what to say. Jasmine gleefully takes a video of the whole scene and posts it online. Amy’s phone PINGS. So does Nicole’s. Amy snatches Nicole’s phone, and sees her Instagram profile up. Nicole grabs Amy’s arms and starts DRAGGING HER OUT OF THE STORE. Amy resists. Greg reluctantly helps, grabbing Amy’s legs. They carry her away as Amy thrashes. Greg and Nicole hurry past SEVERAL BYSTANDERS. June stands back and admires her completed art pieces. June exits her studio, a little shocked to find the boys aren’t on the couch. No sign of them anywhere. She then hears footsteps and coughing coming from upstairs. She reaches the landing. All the upstairs CUPBOARDS AND DRAWERS ARE OPEN. The house looks like its been robbed. She looks into her bedroom, and sees Andrew - still wearing the bandana over his face - stuffing jewelry into his pillow case. He sees her and stops in his tracks. Andrew slams the door on her, LOCKING IT. June is exasperated but keeps her emotions in check. Behind June, Aaron tiptoes down the stairs, holding his own full pillow case. Aaron looks for a place to hide his loot. He spots a KILN, curiously, starts tinkering with the dials and knobs. Aaron hides his pillow case inside the kiln. June sees her bedroom doorknob has a pin-hole in the middle. She runs her fingers on the top of the door frame, searching for the pin to open the door. Nothing there. As she rushes to the bathroom and searches for a bobby-pin, she suddenly catches a whiff of something in the air. June bounds down the stairs sees SMOKE coming out from under her ART STUDIO DOOR. June looks around, panicked. June opens the door. THE KILN IS ON FIRE! The flames have spread and her two ART PIECES are engulfed! June grabs a FIRE EXTINGUISHER and sprays the Kiln and the art pieces, managing to put out the fire. The smoke clears and June stares at the CHARRED REMAINS of her children’s art. In shock, she opens the kiln and finds a burnt pillow case inside. Andrew and Aaron stand in the doorway. June finally SNAPS. Aaron is so terrified, he starts crying. Then Andrew. June realizes her screams are making the kids cry, so she stops. After a beat, she can’t help herself and screams again: Andrew and Aaron run away from the room, scared. Nicole, Greg and Amy drive in silence. As they pull up to the house, they find Marty sitting on the stoop, upset. Greg and Nicole pace in their room. Greg sits on side of the bed, shell-shocked. Greg feels the full weight of his failure. Nicole gets emotional. Greg and Nicole inch closer and hug each other. Randall returns, sick and exhausted. He sees the boys on the couch, watching TV, and feels vindicated. Then he hears some movement in the garage and heads there. Randall surveys the damage around the room. He then spots June on her knees, huddled in the corner. Before he can unleash a tirade, he notices there’s TEARS IN HER EYES. June picks up some charred pieces of Amy and Marty’s kid art. Randall gets on his knees and joins her. As June breaks down, Randall is overwhelmed, realizing that June feels the exact same way as him. Randall’s eyes drift to some of the charred kid art pieces. Randall sees the burnt canvasses, realizes what June was They hug each other on the floor. Then they hear Andrew and Aaron yelling in the other room. Greg stares at the phone in his hand. Fed up, Nicole grabs the phone, and starts dialing. The phone rings. Then they hear the sound of a PHONE RINGING coming from their front porch. Greg opens the door. Andrew and Aaron barrel past him, and jump all over Nicole, kissing her like faithful dogs. She hugs them tight. Greg watches their reunion, feeling left out. Then the boys run over to hug him too. He scoops them up, happy to have them back. Then, June and Randall enter, looking very run down. Nicole rubs Aaron’s cheek and some MAKE-UP comes off. Nicole rubs off more make-up revealing AARON’S BLACK EYE. Greg and Nicole look at June and Randall, smugly. June is stewing, not used to being on the receiving end of criticism. Especially from her little brother. Everyone’s eyes, including Randall’s, are on June who’s mustering up the courage to admit she lost. Then- June and Randall pull Marty in for a hug. They recoil. Marty looks over at Greg and Nicole, unsure what to say. June and Randall stare angrily at Greg and Nicole. June and Randall storm down the hallway. June and Randall knock on the door. They open the door. The room is empty. Greg and Nicole are just as confused. All the air suddenly leaves the room. PANIC MODE as everyone searches the house, frantically and tries calling Amy’s phone, to no avail. Nicole scrambles for her phone and tries logging into Amy’s Instagram. Password denied. Everyone thinks about this and reaches the same conclusion.  GREG/NICOLE JUNE/RANDALL Jasmine’s. Jasmine’s. The families pull up to the house in separate cars. They rush to Jasmine’s front door and pound on it. XANDER answers, looking sleepy or high or both. June and Randall look confused as to how Nicole knows him. The parents all breathe a HUGE SIGH OF RELIEF. Both families are now piled into the minivan. The mood is very tense as they pull onto the I-10: Gridlock. Randall checks his phone. Amy and her friends are celebrating in line. They’re all decked out in wild Coachella outfits, slathered in glitter, beads in their hair. Jasmine hands out WRISTBANDS. Amy’s phone buzzes. She sees dozens of MISSED CALLS AND TEXTS from all the parents. She ignores it and puts her phone away. They’re still stuck in traffic. Marty sits in the back between the boys, playing video games. The boys watch. The parents sit in tense silence for a moment. Greg is almost too ashamed to speak. He catches June’s gaze in the rearview and casts his eyes down. Greg braces himself for a lecture from June. Greg and Nicole are surprised to be let off the hook. They sit in silent agreement, some of the tension released. Jasmine leads Amy and her friends inside. She spots her father RAUL, hobnobbing with VIPs. She runs up and hugs him. The girls SQUEAL with delight. They excitedly walk over to JAKE PAUL, who standing over by a table full of SHOTS. Amy tries to hide her nervousness. This is all a little much. Greg hands out WRISTBANDS to the group. He turns to Nicole. The families enter the Festival, scanning the SEA OF FESTIVAL GOERS. THREE RANDOM GIRLS in the vicinity turn and reply “Yeah?”. Andrew and Aaron already look tired and hot. Nicole hands the boys COTTON CANDY. They’re thrilled. The boys bury their faces in cotton candy and start the long trek across the grounds. Marty lags behind, distracted by beautiful girls everywhere he turns. RAPID FIRE SEQUENCE OF THE GIRLS DOING SHOTS AND DANCING WITH JAKE PAUL, which abruptly ends with: Jake Paul abruptly scurries off. Jasmine hands out more shots. Amy looks at hers, starts to feel a little woozy. She gags the shot down. Then Jasmine grabs her hand and they run out of the tent. As they run towards the EDM TENT, Amy looks overwhelmed by all the COACHELLA WEIRDOS. Jasmine and Friends are dancing in the middle of a raucous crowd. It’s insane. Amy is swaying uncomfortably, trying to fit in, but she keeps getting bumped around by much larger, sweatier people. She gets knocked back so hard that she’s SEPARATED FROM HER FRIENDS.  Jasmine! Christie! Gwen! Overwhelmed, Amy takes out her phone and sees MISSED CALLS from Nicole and her Mom and Dad. She tries to call June but gets bumped again, KNOCKING THE PHONE OUT OF HER HANDS. The VIP tent is guarded by TWO SECURITY GUARDS. The families peer inside and see Jasmine’s Father, RAUL in the back. Randall and June approach the Security Guards. Randall nods, understanding. They walk back to the family. Andrew and Aaron can barely stand still, full of sugar and vibrating like two little crackheads. The boys cheer! Greg is momentarily horrified, then decodes the message. He pulls them in for hugs. Greg sends the boys running. The boys run into the VIP area right past the Security Guards, who leave their post to chase after them. June and Randall use this distraction to sneak into the VIP area. They make a beeline for Raul, tap him on the shoulder. June and Randall are stewing. Raul smirks at Randall. Randall SNEEZES into Raul’s mouth. Raul recoils. June PUNCHES Raul in the face right in front of a scandalized SCOOTER BRAUN. June, Randall, Greg, Nicole, Marty, Andrew and Aaron are tossed in music festival jail, which is really just a tent with some folding chairs and ONE RENT-A-COP. A solemn beat. Then, they’re distracted by another CELLMATE berating a SECURITY GUARD: They turn to see Jasmine, who has VOMIT all down her shirt. Gwen and Christie are also there, clearly wasted. Jasmine burps and then slinks to the ground to sleep. Jasmine manages a WEAK EDM CLUB BEAT and closes her eyes. Jasmine weakly holds a thumbs up. A tense beat as they all stare at Jasmine’s face. Then, her tongue lazily rolls out the side of her mouth. Hope springs! They look around the tent, noticing that everyone else in jail is either heavily intoxicated or having a bad drug trip. The STAFF is paying a lot more attention to those people. The Families simply walk out of the tent. June spots the EDM tent across the grounds. June and Randall run to the EDM TENT. June and Randall are instantly overwhelmed. The music is extremely loud and it’s nearly pitch black, except for some seizure-inducing laser lights. They inch their way through the packed crowd. It’s near impossible to make out faces without getting uncomfortably close to people. They try futilely yelling for Amy but the music is way too loud. Randall gets an idea. He takes out his phone and pulls up a PICTURE OF AMY. He shows it to NEARBY RAVERS. FROM RAVER’S POV: the phone is leaving trippy light trails. The Ravers are mesmerized, following the phone’s movement with their eyes and heads as they dance along with it. Suddenly, the music gets a LITTLE QUIETER. THE MUSIC STEADILY BUILDS. June scans the crowd, then sees a GIANT LEVER beside the stage. June and Randall fight their way to the stage as the MUSIC BUILDS, nearing its crescendo. THE CROWD IS READY TO EXPLODE. THE SECOND BEFORE THE BEAT DROPS, June reaches the Lever and flips it up. THE BRIGHT HOUSE LIGHTS TURN ON AND THE ENTIRE CROWD SHIELDS THEIR EYES, BLINDED. The DJ stops the music. Everyone in the crowd stumbles around, disoriented and agitated. June and Randall scan the crowd and find Amy balled up in the corner of the tent, alone and scared. She spots her parents and a flood of relief washes over her. Amy rushes over, latching onto them tight, crying. Randall and June share a poignant look. She still needs them after all. Randall, June and Amy reunite with the rest of the family. Nicole and Greg hug Amy, relieved that she’s safe. Marty goes in for a hug, but is met with a punch to the shoulder. OFF Greg’S CONFUSION-- We FLASHBACK to the first scene of the movie, only this time it’s shown from JUNE’S POV. Greg nods and June closes the toy chest. She then rushes to the door and pokes her head out to the hallway. Her MOTHER is pacing on the phone, YELLING and THROWING things at the wall.  NEITHER DO I! YOU’RE FORCING ME TO  RAISE THEM BY MYSELF! Scared, June shuts the door, unsure what to do.  getting hot. She hears more SCREAMING and GLASS SHATTERING from the other room and turns on the stereo and turns it to full blast to drown out the sound. She sits down on the toy chest and starts to cry. BACK TO JUNE. Greg struggles to process this new information. Greg hugs June almost he has no control of it. Her approval clearly means a lot to him. Randall then catches Marty staring at a GROUP OF ATTRACTIVE HIPPIE GIRLS, dancing. Then Randall sees what Marty is actually staring at: beyond the girls is a KIOSK devoted to ENVIRONMENTAL CATASTROPHES. Marty smiles, as Randall and June escort him to the kiosk. We stay with Greg and Nicole. OVER A DA BABY TRACK, WE SEE: - Amy and Marty bring June and Randall to the main stage where Da Baby is performing. - Greg and Nicole dance with Andrew and Aaron, swinging them in the air, having fun. - Randall, June, Greg and Nicole all lie on their stomachs getting HENNA TATTOO TRAMP STAMPS as their kids look on. - The families walk toward the exit gates at sunset. The parents all wear Coachella crop tops, exposing the small of their backs where the words “COACHELLA” are written in Henna. DING DING DING! The sound of a BELL ringing. REVEAL Andrew and Aaron in INFLATABLE SUMO SUITS. Greg and Nicole (DRESSED IN WORK CLOTHES) cheer as the boys collide, harmlessly bouncing off each other. Nicole checks her phone. Aaron jumps on Andrew, pinning him. They kiss. This dynamic seems a lot healthier. We follow a PACK OF SINGING WAITERS with short-stack pancake hats carrying a BIRTHDAY CAKE. They place it in front of AMY, who now has a NOSE RING, which looks slightly infected. She’s sitting at a table with June, Randall and Marty. She blows out the candles and everyone claps. Beside them, a YOUNG KID in the next booth starts having a tantrum and has to be carried out of the restaurant, surf- board style. Randall and June smile, happy to not be dealing with that bullshit anymore. Life is good. Greg, Nicole and the boys lie in bed together, cuddling and finishing a proper Avengers book together. Greg and Nicole look at each other, happy to be back in the routine. They open another book. The boys rest their heads on their parents’ shoulders, while Greg and Nicole enthusiastically read to them. It’s HALLOWEEN! Packs of kids trick-or-treating in costume. Among them, we see Andrew and Aaron dressed as THOR and CAPTAIN AMERICA. Marty is dressed as AL GORE, holding a GREEN BAG. Amy is understandably absent and with her friends. The kids get their candy and run back to June, Randall, Greg and Nicole - who we reveal are all dressed like HARVEY WEINSTEIN (large pillows in their belly, gross stubble on their faces, all pushing walkers). Some parents walk by and give them all disgusted looks. As they slink away as a family, we pull back to reveal we're in one of those crane shots that ends movies.