 Betsy Van Stone & Noelle Stehman Two TEENAGE GIRLS (LIBBY and ASTRID) are covered head to toe in a red, gooey, glowing disgusting gelatinous material. So covered that they’d be pretty unrecognizable in a lineup. One of them reaches purposefully into the open chest cavity of a GIANT MONSTER BEING. She is neck deep in monster guts, rooting around. WET, SLOPPY SQUISHING SOUNDS ensue. She picks up a banana-shaped organ and holds it up for her friend, trying not to inhale or look too closely. Astrid looks at the organ and compares it against a chart. Beat. Astrid shoves her hands into the monster’s gullet as Libby peels her hands out of the gooey abdomen. They drop the tongue into a GLOWING COLLECTION DEVICE. The monster’s GIGANTIC eyes flip open, and the girls SCREAM! The sun is setting on Coppers Cove, Ohio, a peculiar, complicated place full of secrets. It has all the ingredients of an idyllic and safe small town, but there’s something sinister brewing underneath. A very full, very pink moon... THEN - SCRIBBLED ACROSS THE SCREEN: S U ND AY A clean quiet car... No sounds of squishing. Only the sexy dulcet tones of Wicked Game by Chris Isaac drift into the air from the dashboard iPhone, as... LIBBY, 16, romantic, emotional and fat with a “pretty face,” drives the car while wearing homemade night vision goggles. ASTRID, 16, feisty and fat with a “pretty intense sex drive,” rides shotgun, also wearing homemade night vision goggles. They look at each other, goggle-eyed, and crack up laughing. SMASH CUT TITLE: PUDGE PATROL Ace of Base plays on the radio. It might be 2020, but these girls have tastes that skew way 90s. They pass PROMISE ACADEMY HIGH SCHOOL, which Astrid FLIPS OFF. Astrid grabs a thick spiral notebook labeled “Operation: What Cool Kids Do At N ight. ” They pass OUR LADY OF THE LAKE CHURCH, and both SHUDDER. Libby turns on a cookie-cutter street lined with upper middle class suburban homes and parks. Patrol time. They strap on their binocular masks. Libby stares into a house on the left side of the street. Astrid peers intensely into a goth bedroom on the right side of the street. SPARROW, 17, a studly brooding goth teen steps into frame. Through Libby’s binoculars we see Candace’s yard. Libby scans over to CANDACE in her bedroom, head mean girl, beautiful, sexy and effortlessly cool. Astrid quickly turns her binoculars to Candace’s house. A DARK FIGURE emerges from Candace’s back gate and creeps down the street toward a nondescript grey SUV and disappears into the night. The girls tear their binocular masks off and look at each other, eyes wide. Astrid jumps out to get a closer look, spots something on the ground, picks it up. Runs back to car. Astrid holds up a POLAROID. It’s an artsy, topless photo of Candace, hands over her boobs. They look at each other excitedly as they drive off. This MUST be documented. This is their favorite part. Both girls start thinking out loud, not speaking TO each other, just more AT each other. Very stream of consciousness, but this is how they do it. Astrid scribbles every word.  scene. Possibly a clue? Libby pulls into her driveway. As they exit the car the CAMERA PANS TO: The ABNORMALLY LARGE PINK MOON. The girls creep into Libby’s room, careful not to wake her parents. This is not the room of a cool kid. The walls are covered in dated bands and TV show posters, mostly Alias, Detective Olivia Benson from SVU, Xena, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer. There are bookshelves full of their old notebooks and trunks full of Astrid’s spy and science lab equipment since she can’t keep it at her house. There are also rows of health and diet books. This is their sanctuary. A sign sits center stage on the wall. It reads PUDGE PATROL. They own this title, but no one else is allowed to use it. Libby sits on the floor, Astrid falls into the beanbag chair. Libby grabs the notebook, her turn to write. Back to their ‘talking AT each other.’ Astrid laughs and hits play on some Billie Eilish as Libby assesses their notes. They nailed it. Astrid clicks around on her laptop. Beat as they look at each other. No way. Astrid puts on rubber gloves from her pocket and pulls the crumpled Polaroid from her bag. Astrid places the Polaroid into their PATROL TROPHY BOX, a box of ‘evidence’ labeled “Trophies” and completely hidden in the back of Libby’s closet. Astrid rifles through the box, picks up something shiny- A sudden interloper in their safe space: KAITLIN, Libby’s little sister, 12-going-on-40, a lanky, know-it-all tween, wearing a Bluetooth earpiece. The sounds of a kickin’ suburban house party are in full effect. Astrid scopes the house eagerly. Libby doesn’t look convinced. This makes Libby laugh. Everything looks expensive, cold grey tones. No parents in sight. They slowly step inside, looking at each other like, “Omg we’re doing this!” VALERIE, 16, drama club, wiping tears from her eyes, hands the girls cups. Candace and her boyfriend, TATE, 16, dreamy soccer stud, are weirdly feeling each other’s butts, UNDER their jeans. Tate stumbles drunkenly. Astrid STARES at them as they walk past.  or like the curve of a ripe plum or Candace is aware Astrid is staring. Libby WINCES for her friend. A few kids laugh. Libby and Astrid are immediately deflated. The girls head into the - The girls awkwardly stand in a sea of cliques. Astrid nervously chugs her beer. Libby stares blankly at hers. Sparrow sips a beer in the corner. Astrid and Sparrow lock eyes for a (lusty, was it?) split-second. Libby gives her friend an encouraging mini high-five. Candace and Tate are quietly arguing. We can’t hear it yet. Candace is visibly upset, Tate is visibly drunk. Tate storms off. Libby is accidentally staring at Candace. Libby watches Candace leave, then- The Girls head out to- Tate is drunk, siting on the steps. The girls turn to leave but he keeps at it. Libby is wiping away tears. Astrid looks FURIOUS. Astrid grabs her hand and gives it a squeeze. The girls sit in Libby’s backyard. Eerie sounds of owls and bats echo. A GIANT PINK MOON and a WEIRD GLOW fill the sky. In between them: the Trophy Box. Libby grabs an item labeled “TATE’S HACKY SACK” from the box. Libby grabs a copper ashtray, sets the Hacky sack inside. She sprinkles some dirt on for good measure. Astrid appreciates the pomp and circumstance, and so plucks a nearby flower, and scatters the petals over the Hacky sack and dirt. Libby places a piece of bark on top of the pile and looks at Astrid. They nod, satisfied. Libby strikes a match, tosses it onto the “sacrifice.” It LIGHTS UP in a FIREY BLAZE. They start relishing in the ritualism of it all. They look at each other with wild excited eyes. Libby stands up and starts spinning. Astrid jumps up and starts spinning too. Now they’re really feelin’ it- they act out all their “instructions.” She does. They HOWL the fuck out of it. Releasing all their hard-won fury into the night sky. They laugh at the ridiculousness of it all as they awkwardly stumble through saying it backwards. A LOUD BOOM as a LIGHTNING BOLT lights up the night sky, breaking their ritual vibe. A crazy-looking MASS OF SPIKEY CLOUDS comes into view and a WEIRD MAGENTA GLOW takes over. It doesn’t look natural. At all. Astrid and Libby look at each other. Astrid notices the time. It’s 10:15pm. Libby stops the car at Astrid’s house, Astrid jumps out. As Libby drives away we CLOSE UP ON a GLOWING BLOB OF RED GOO being sucked down a drainage gate as a MONSTER HAND WITH LONG CLAWLIKE FINGERNAILS closes the grate behind it, disappearing out of sight. A CRYING WOMAN, 30s, sits on a bus stop bench by herself, quietly sniffling. Just as she starts to pull a tissue from her purse, she is WHISKED from the bench into thin air, her orphaned tissue floating in the wind. Astrid creeps up the stairs, passing the dozens of crosses and Jesus statues that line the hallway. TV is blaring from her parents’ bedroom. Astrid tiptoes to her bedroom, creaks open the door and -  Astrid. Astrid’s Mom JANET stands in the dark hallway, arms crossed. Janet makes the sign of the cross. Tate wanders drunkenly down the dark road, tears in his eyes. He looks up at the weirdly colored sky. WTF. He sees a SHADOWY FIGURE up ahead. The Shadowy Figure heads into Tate stops, getting his bearings. Which way is home? Then, Tate hears a voice calling him from the trail. A low, hard to make out voice. He follows the voice into the trail. The sky remains an odd shade of magenta. We see tree-lined streets with similar houses, the church from last night, and the high school: Promise Academy. Libby stands at her sink, staring at herself in the mirror, wipes a bead of sweat from her forehead. Turns to go and, feeling a little woozy, braces herself against the wall. The weird lightning flashes again, and she YELPS as she SIMULTANEOUSLY gets a sharp Charley horse in her leg. Astrid sits up in bed, clearly smelling something sour. News blares from the other room, as usual. Astrid closes her bedroom door, holds her nose, grimaces. Establishing shots of Promise Academy. A private charter school that functions like a hippie Montessori. The lines between teacher and student are blurry. A group of GRUNGY KIDS sits in a circle, meditating near a sign-up sheet to learn how to grow your own hemp. A banner reads: “Proudly Cell Phone Free Since 2017” SOCCER JOCKS kick around a vegan leather ball. A sign for something called GATEWAY TO GOD - YOUTH GROUP. Sign says: ”Bracelet making tonight!” Several WELL-GROOMED KIDS high five, “Amen, broseph.” TWO RANDOM STONERS wander past Libby and Astrid- Libby clocks this, a little concerned. Astrid disregards. RAJ VARSHIDI, 50s, Indian, wants badly to be liked, stands at the podium, teachers behind him. He starts snapping his fingers, kids join in. This is how this school quiets down.  Without further ado... Michelle! MICHELLE, 27, hot teacher who still shops at Forever 21, GRABS the mic. She fluffs her hair, notices she’s wearing the same dress as Candace, and subtly boosts her cleave. NIGEL, 40s, trying but failing to look expensive, and GRANT, 30s, walking money, take to the podium. Libby leans over to Astrid. Libby notices Varshidi’s been suddenly beckoned to the corner by SIMONE SPILLER, 20s, Kristen Schaal type. Varshidi nods as Simone steps up to the microphone... Everyone turns to Candace, who shakes her head. Libby and Astrid look at each other like “weird.” EGGS, 17, a nerdy guy, on the spectrum, raises his hand and stands to speak. INSANE THUNDER cracks from outside, and Libby YELPS loudly - another simultaneous Charley horse. All eyes, embarrassingly, on her. Bell RINGS. Kids file out to class. Michelle joins the soccer jocks, joking around like she’s one of them. Candace shuffles toward the door, dialing her phone... The space is so dark you can barely tell it’s some sort of cavernous tunnel. Tate sits bound to a chair behind a locked holding cell. Tied up next to him: the Crying Woman from the bus stop. In the background, the faint sounds of... German techno music? And drink shakers? Both seem to be under a spell and both have a steady stream of tears running down their faces, directly into a GIANT FANCY MARTINI GLASS under each chair. Kids flood the hallways heading to first period. They overhear Valerie gossiping with a couple THEATER KIDS.  Where do you think Tate is? Valerie SNEEZES and wipes allergy tears from her eyes. Libby elbows Astrid, half-joking. Pretty high-tech for high school. Each desk has a full lab set. Libby and Astrid take their seats. FRANK FRICK, 30s, nerdy and loveable, notices a large jar set up on a desk with the sign, “Mr. Frick Date Fund.” GROANS from students. Frick laughs. Astrid starts setting up their lab. Eggs eagerly shoots his hand up into the air. Another FLASH and Libby YELPS again, manages to stifle it. Libby looks toward the windows: The clouds are TOTALLY UNNATURAL spikey balls, and the sky is a color definitely not usually found in nature... Students set up their photography projects on the display wall. Libby stands at the window, adjusting a camera lens while focusing outside. Something GIANT rustles in the trees. She pauses, zooms in closer and...it’s gone. HMM, creepy. The teacher, JONAS, late 30s, man bun, tinkers at his desk. Candace approaches him. Candace grabs a stack of racy photos of herself from the back closet, shoves them in folders. Libby watches the exchange, whispering into her tiny recorder. Libby analyzes Candace’s shots of Tate on the display wall. Then secretly pulls out her recorder. Candace clocks Libby’s recorder. Libby clocks Candace clocking her. Candace totally ignores her, turns back to her desk. Libby rolls her eyes. This bitch. Astrid watches Sparrow stare at the sign on Michelle’s door, “Soccer Formal Committee. Sign up here! No Nerds. JK LOL.” He signs up. Astrid immediately takes the last spot. It’s pizza day. Libby and Astrid wait in line. RUDE KID cuts in front of them. Several kids laugh. Libby’s face goes BEET red. Astrid rolls her eyes at Rude Kid, grabs their slices to go. The girls are huddled into a stall munching on pizza. This is their office and secret lunch room. The bathroom door OPENS and we hear the unmistakable CLICKS of Michelle shoes. She’s with her shadow, Counselor Simone. Libby and Astrid freeze as Michelle and Simone pee. Michelle and Simone leave just as another MAGENTA LIGHTNING CRACK illuminates the already bright sky and Libby YELPS.  Holy shit, Astrid. “Evaporated?” Kids fight through the storm to get into cars and busses. Candace, holding a FOLDER, follows Several Kids into A BIG WHITE VAN labeled: “GATEWAY TO GOD.” Candace’s Mom CHRISTINE, early 40s Tracy Flick type, loads the van. She wears a bracelet that reads, ‘What Would CHRISTine Do?’ She laughs at her own joke and adjusts her hair. Christine closes the van doors and spots a poster: “Soccer Formal Tickets On Sale Now!” She makes sure no one is looking, RIPS the poster off the wall. She adjusts her pearls and SMILES, jumping into the driver’s seat. Valerie SNEEZES as she leans against the brick wall by the school theater exit. She’s totally alone, smoking a cig and wiping her consistently watery eyes. She sneezes again. The lot is empty. She hears a NOISE off to the side like NAILS ON A CHALKBOARD, turns to look and is CONFRONTED BY A LARGE BEING WE CAN’T SEE. Eyes wide, she’s TERRIFIED. And locked in a trance.  LOW SCARY RASPY VOICE (O.S.) Tears start STREAMING down her cheeks. Two LARGE BEASTLY HANDS with LONG CLAWS extend out toward her face.  LOW SCARY RASPY VOICE (O.S.) (CONT'D) A LONG DISGUSTING TONGUE SLOBBERS over her cheeks, licking her tears, leaving a trail of RED GLOWING GOO. She falls to the ground, unconscious, and is DRAGGED AWAY. Libby and Astrid chow down with Libby’s parents and siblings, PAM (MOM), late 40s, wearing RN scrubs, HEIDI (MA), late 40s, and sister Kaitlin. Little brother JOEY, 5, makes a mess. Libby, Astrid and Kaitlin scarf their food. Tate and Crying Woman watch as an unconscious body is dragged into the lair. We see it’s Valerie. TECHNO MUSIC and PARTY LIGHTS are in full swing. Tate and Crying Woman both have tears streaming down their faces and into their martini glasses.  deals party drugs. Like Predator  with extra long claws and a sexy  Timothy Olyphant vibe, right? An IMPOSING FIGURE pops in, looming over them... And then turning, we finally see it. The TEARJERKER! It is otherworldly, a monster not of this Earth. It stands tall over them, SCARY AS HELL. But also kinda sexy. They’re both like WTF? He reaches a 12-inch claw fingernail under Tate’s chair and stirs the tear-martini, then licks off a delicious taste. Libby and Astrid tiptoe from the car toward the trail entrance. They poke around the caution tape. They tiptoe closer to the YELLOW FLAG marker... The girls realize they’re crouched in a puddle of RED GOO. It looks thick like gelatinous phlegm. Libby has to cover her mouth to stop from gagging. Her leg spasms. Astrid sniffs around some more. Libby and Astrid dig around the caution tape with sticks. Something shiny GLEAMS under a leaf pile. Libby leans down. Astrid comes running over, leans to get a better look. Astrid holds up a slightly curved, 12-inch long hybrid between a claw and a perfectly manicured nail. Girls hear rustling and heavy breathing in the bushes. They look at each other. They’re in the clearing, nowhere to hide. More rustling from the bushes. And GROWLING. They look at each other, TERRIFIED and then - A DARK HOODED FIGURE steps out from behind the trees. Girls SCREAM. And faint. Libby and Astrid wake up to CU on Dark Hooded Figure as he SLOWLY REMOVES HIS HOOD and - He’s HOT AF. Dark Hooded Figure laughs. Libby and Astrid look at each other. He looks at them like, duh. Libby and Astrid exchange a look. Libby and Astrid exchange another look. ALLOFASUDDEN, a GLOWING horn sprouts out of his forehead. Girls’ mouths HANG OPEN. The girls turn to leave. Libby’s unsure, but starts walking with her friend... They’re already running back to Libby’s car. Nigel from Sun Buns sits somberly at an outdoor table as he shoves a pizza slice into his mouth, then wipes a tear. Christine supervises as a group of kids organize piles of her “What Would CHRISTine Do” bracelets. Kids look around at each other, a few GROANS. A few kids laugh. Christine snoops through Candace’s backpack, finds her photos. Sexy influencer/Maxim Mag style shots. She holds her hand up- Both Astrid and Libby are blank-faced, laying on Libby’s bed, staring up at the ceiling. Libby clutches the PAMPHLET. Libby starts pacing, they’re each having their own convo. Beat as they resume talking TO each other. Storm is ramping up outside. Beat. LIGHTNING STRIKES and for a second, as Libby grabs her leg, the whole sky is illuminated, then goes PITCH BLACK. It’s a beautiful morning, birds chirping, sky back to normal. Astrid stares at her reflection. She opens the blinds, looks out the window at the blue sky. From her parents bedroom she can hear the news- Libby stares at her reflection. And the Buffy poster over her shoulder. Kids unload from buses as SOMETHING WATCHES THEM from the woods. Astrid and Libby overhear a couple Theater Kids: Astrid hesitates, then approaches Mr. Frick at his desk as he polishes his “Bunny” Bunsen Burner. Libby studies her patrol journal at her desk, “subtly” examines the Tate photo across the room, and then takes more notes. Beat as they both awkwardly let those barbs land. Libby turns back around. Beat. They share a small smirk. Tate, Valerie, Nigel, and Crying Woman are tied to chairs. A GIANT MARTINI GLASS under each one. Disco lights swirl above. Tearjerker dances as he finishes strapping Nigel into his chair, pepperoni stuck to Nigel’s shirt. Tearjerker GRABS Nigel by the face, gets thisclose. We see the horror in Nigel’s eyes. Tears start STREAMING down Nigel’s face. Tearjerker steps back, suddenly lighthearted AF. He walks back and forth between the victims, evaluating... He grabs the martini glass underneath the Crying Woman, stirs it with his long fingernail, then takes a taste. Just as the criers breath a sigh of relief, Tearjerker JABS two fingernails into Crying Woman’s eyes, and plucks them out. Plops them into the Teartini. The rest of them SCREAM. Students make giant tissue paper balls. Astrid runs in, sits right across from Sparrow, who looks supremely bored. Sparrow HUFFS and puts sunglasses on. Sparrow stares at her, intrigued. Clearly not crying. Astrid puts her head on her desk. Libby works on her locker combo as Astrid approaches. Libby opens her locker, GASPS and immediately slams it shut. She takes a second look and closes the locker more quietly. Astrid peeks in at what looks like a Bop-It floating within a glowing gaseous sphere.  MEAN KID WALKING BY As Libby stares at the Orb, a tiny compartment opens and a teeny tiny doll-sized note falls out. Astrid grabs it- Beat as Astrid and Libby exchange a worried glance. Libby picks up the Orb, turning it in her hands. Libby hits a button. A RED BEAM shoots out, landing on a FLY. ALLOFASUDDEN, the fly GLOWS and grows to hamster size. From the recoil, she hits another button. A BLUE BEAM zaps a trashcan, making it DISAPPEAR. They look at each other in SHOCK as the FLY ZOOMS out a window. Libby nods in agreement. Astrid shoves the Orb into her bag. Libby and Astrid wander around town based on leg and nose flashes. Using their journals to cross reference. They see a kid fall off his bike and cry. Astrid runs up- Kid is like WTF, but it makes him stop. Libby grabs her leg in pain. Douchey fluorescent signs and aggressive lotion displays. Think Miami Beach in the 80s. Grant sets up for the day. Libby and Astrid walk in. Astrid clears her throat. The girls SIGH and reluctantly make the chomping Badger sign. Grant hands them each a towel. Libby and Astrid slink down the hallway, examining. Thumbs up from Astrid. They peel off into separate rooms. Astrid SNIFFS around, nada. Trail’s gone cold. Sees some suntan lotions. Looks at the tanning machine. Hmm. She strips down, puts on earbuds, gets into the tanning bed. Libby starts opening drawers, nada. Then, she doubles over in pain, her leg is throbbing. HEARS CRYING. Oh shit, it’s coming from the next room. Libby enters, entranced as she sees the TEARJERKER, headphones on and bopping his head to the beat, SCRAPE the TEARS of A TANNING WOMAN with his 12-inch CLAW FINGERNAIL and snort it like it’s cocaine. LIBBY GASPS, which STARTLES the Tearjerker. He turns toward her, delighted. Libby starts tearing up. Tearjerker wipes a tear with his CLAW, LICKS IT. Instantly, the Creature has her in a trance-like state. She slumps to the floor, SOBBING, unable to look away. Astrid jams to relaxing music in her tanning bed, oblivious that her purse is starting to VIBRATE and GLOW. The Tearjerker takes a GIANT LICK of her tears. The VIBRATING gets more aggressive and Astrid’s tanning bed starts to shake. WTF. She grabs the wildly vibrating Orb from her purse, opens the door and sees CREEPY RED GLOWING LIGHT coming from the hall. Outside the door, Astrid BANGS and screams Libby’s name. But then we’re back with Libby - all we hear is Libby breathing as the Tearjerker stares into her eyes, licking her tears. But then! Astrid BUSTS into the room with the Orb! She pushes a button - a laser shoots out, EXPLODING THE CREATURE’S TONGUE, which sprays a disproportionate amount of RED GOO directly onto the girls. The Tanning Woman snaps out of her trance and RUNS out the door. The Tearjerker’s TONGUE starts to regenerate in his mouth, but Astrid has JUST enough time to grab Libby and HAUL ASS. Grant looks up just as Astrid and Libby, covered in RED GOO, beeline for the front door. What the? Both girls are hyperventilating and COVERED IN GOO as Astrid speed-drives them away. Libby is still coming to. Libby reaches out to squeeze Astrid’s hand. Astrid pulls the car over and looks at her friend. Libby laughs and they hug. Libby pulls the pamphlet from her backpack, scanning. Astrid finishes the pamphlet aloud as she and Libby wipe themselves down with shitty locker room paper towels. Both girls JUMP. Brutus is suddenly there. The creepy Giant Fly buzzes in and lands on his shoulder. Brutus hands them a bottle. Astrid nods and winks “got this” at Libby, takes the bottle. He and the fly both disappear. Libby and Astrid beeline down the hallway, passing Sparrow. She stops and turns around. Sparrow looks at her funny. He gestures toward her hair. She wipes the red goo, mortified. She smiles to herself and keeps running. -Astrid picks the lock on the chem cabinet and mixes Methanol and Propanoyl chloride into the BOTTLE Brutus gave them. -Astrid runs to Frick’s desk, mouths “Sorry” in his direction, shoves his precious PORTABLE BUNSEN BURNER into Libby’s backpack. Several kids stare at them like they’re freaks. -Astrid grabs 2 helmets. Libby leaves several notes that say “Will return your helmet, promise. Unless we’re dead.” -Libby fails at looking super nonchalant as she pumps some gasoline into a Super Soaker Water Gun. -They face Libby’s mirror, wearing every clothing item they have, for padding. Plus kitchen gloves, stolen bike helmets and each holding a water gun. They look like nerdy badasses. END MONTAGE. Libby is digging through her backpack. Kaitlin pops her Blue-toothed head in. The girls stand over a drainage grate. Astrid deeply SNIFFS around. Libby removes the grate. They strap on their night vision binocular goggles, high five, then quietly slip under the grate and into the lair. Libby and Astrid peer around a wall. They see the victims in the locked cell crying uncontrollably. Valerie can’t stop sneezing. Libby nods as Astrid hides behind some boxes. Libby removes her night vision goggles, opens Brutus’s bottle and uses a turkey baster to drip the liquid down her cheeks a la tears. Then she waltzes out into the lair! ALLOFASUDDEN from behind her- champagne cork POPPING. Tearjerker slowly approaches Libby. She TREMBLES, locked in his gaze. She tilts her tear-soaked cheek in his direction. Tearjerker extends his giant prehensile tongue and slowly laps her cheeks. He clicks a button on his juke box. German techno fills the space. The Tearjerker starts gyrating and turns to face Libby. Why’s he wide awake!?!? And then - He SLUMPS to the ground with a THUD. Astrid runs back in. Libby kneels down beside the beast and cuts a square open on his chest. She is immediately DOUSED with red goo. She GAGS. Astrid finishes picking the holding cell lock and runs up to a confused and weak Tate. Astrid steps over dead Crying Woman and mouths “R.I.P.” Tate, Valerie and Nigel rush down the hallway, their tears finally slowing to a trickle. Astrid, now fully covered in GOO, holds up the Tonton. They drop it into the ORB, which beeps and whirs shut. Over the SLOW, MELANCHOLY Ursine Vulpine cover of Chris Isaac’s Wicked Game: The monster’s GIGANTIC eyes flip open, and the girls SCREAM! As his tongue rapidly regenerates: He BOLTS upright, body and tongue healed. Huge Joker smile. The girls are FROZEN. He jiggles around for a few seconds. He LUNGES at them, GROWLING and displaying GIANT FANG TEETH. They all tumble to the floor, the Tearjerker on top of them. He turns pointedly to Astrid. Astrid starts to tear up. He leans in to lap up the tears and - Tearjerker is thrown by her ballsiness and he stops. He turns and is SHOCKED at the empty holding cell, releases his grip, giving Astrid just enough leeway to scramble away. He’s FURIOUS, lunges back down to Libby’s face and -- Astrid SPRAYS him with the Super Soaker Water Gun full of gasoline. The spray confuses him long enough that he release his grip on Libby. He wipes his body, grimacing at the gasoline smell. He then LUNGES FOR ASTRID - But- Libby SPRAYS FIRE from the Portable Bunsen Burner, and the Tearjerker BURSTS INTO FLAMES. As he shrinks down, burning and dying, he CRIES A LOUD DESPERATE WAIL and CLUTCHES his eyes, crying, finally evaporating into ash. Libby and Astrid are heavy breathing, covered in GOO, laying next to Tate and a passed-out Valerie. Libby and Astrid share a look: this freakin’ guy. Libby passes it to her and “accidentally” hits the button, dissolving a street lamp next to Tate. Who SHRIEKS and JUMPS. Libby and Astrid smile at each other. Michelle and Varshidi at the podium, leading assembly. Libby laughs. Tate comes BURSTING through a sports entrance banner. Room ERUPTS with clapping, shouting, etc. Tate reluctantly grabs the mic. He looks over at Libby and Astrid, who smile. Candace BLUSHES and makes her way to the front, exchanging a subtle glance with Libby as she passes. Astrid clocks this. DUMB KID nearby. Valerie and Eggs wander by Libby’s locker. Libby opens her locker, and a note falls out. Revealing a sharp WEIRDLY SHAPED SWORD inside. Libby picks up the note and reads it aloud... Libby turns over the note and both girls SCREAM. Christine organizes booklets, hears a noise from the chapel. Christine pokes her head inside. It’s dark and empty. Hears noise again so she walks in. GROWLING from behind a pew. Suddenly, Christine sees SOMETHING WE DON’T SEE and drops to her knees, raises her hands up-