 Open on black.  Caption: ‘The best way to stop a prisoner escaping is to make  sure he never knows he is in prison’.  Over black we hear a hoarse voice whisper in Russian and see  a subtitle.  A plastic cigarette lighter is lit.  Into the flame light comes the heel of a shoe held by the  shaking hand of an old man. The hands and wrists have  bracelet tattoos. AT  A face leans into the light to see the black smoke begin to  curl up from the heel of the shoe. Then drops of black melted  rubber begin to drip from the shoe into a ceramic cup. The  cup, the face and the hands are striped by orange light  coming from a light gantry outside. Rain dribbles on a barred  window.  We study the face in the light of the lighter. Wizened, in  great pain but determined, with straggly grey hair. This man  is GORNI ZYKOV. The lighter could be a candle in an Old  Masters painting, the face looks like a face from Rembrandt.  As the rubber drips Zykov reaches into the half light and  gropes to find the tube of a CATHETER, which enters his penis  (out of shot) under his white robe (his crumpled robes look  like a shroud in the half light). We now see that Zykov is  He extracts the end of the catheter from a plastic flask  attached to a drip scaffold and puts it into the cup. He  grunts a little to release some urine. Urine flows through  the catheter tube into the cup and mixes with the black  melted rubber.  Zykov gasps in pain and swirls the mixture.  The lighter and a hand find a needle from a syringe hidden  under a pillow. Zykov’s shaking hand grabs it and he lies  back on the bed, striped by bars from above. He takes a deep  breath and then pulls away the bed sheet.  We see that his body has many tattoos, swirls and crosses and  stars, but they flash in and out of the light.  He begins to dig the tip of the needle into his own flesh.  Once, twice, three times, as if injecting compulsively but  never piercing the skin all the way. He curls to survey his  work as blood pimples appear and he wipes the blood away on  the sheet.  We will learn he is working on a home made tattoo.  He continues to prick and wipe his skin in a pattern which  for now only he understands - dipping cotton wool into the  jet black sludge of rubber and urine and applying the sludge  to the pin pricks, to dye the subcutaneous layer.  He grunts in pain as the urine and rubber sting.  Daylight begins to appear at the barred window as he works,  and we begin to see Cyrillic letters emerging in black on his  skin - ‘C A W...’  Birds begin to sing the dawn chorus. Daylight illuminates the  scene and we read the Russian name ‘C A W A’ (SACHA) tattooed  on Zykov’s thigh. He uses the white sheet to wipe the excess  of the mixture away.  Zykov uses a polished metal needle tray as a mirror to check  his work. When he is satisfied he lies back on the pillow and  sighs. All his strength has gone and his life is dribbling  away.  The freed catheter begins to dribble urine onto the floor.  Zykov looks to the barred window one last time and hears  birds singing. He takes a breath then reaches for the  emergency cord, which he pulls. Then his eyes close and the  catheter flow reduces to a drip, drip, drip.  Deafening noise. A ROAD DRILL begins to dig up the frozen  earth as if it were concrete. Grey daylight.  A traditional, onion-domed Russian orthodox church sits in a  snow covered graveyard on the outskirts of Moscow. In the  distance high-rise tower blocks are shrouded in frozen fog.  Gravestones protrude from a thick quilt of fog as the GRAVE *  DIGGERS drill in the shadow of the church. Iron and steel  ring out in the bitter cold.  We hear the road drill digging in the distance. Gorni Zykov,  the old man we saw in jail, is lying dead and naked on a  table.  We study his lifeless body for a moment, lit by the grey *  light. We revisit the tattoos and glimpse the name ‘SACHA’.  Other tattoos tell the story of his life, in the style of the  Vory v Zakone. He has a faded star above his heart. A  crucifix is tied to his right wrist and rests in his frozen  grip.  Then a door opens and three priests carrying incense enter.  The road drill wheezes, stops and starts outside. The priests  stand around the body and then there is a knock at the door.  The OLDEST PRIEST gestures toward the door.  GREGORY enters first, dressed in a sharp dark suit. Right *  behind him his younger brother enters and we should see the *  truth in his eyes. This is Vladimir. Their entrance swirls *  the incense smoke. Gregory is carrying a brand new black  suitcase, which he places on the floor beside the body.  The oldest of the priests is running hot water from a tap at  the sink into a plastic bowl a little way behind the body.  Steam clouds. He hands the bowl of hot water to Gregory then *  begins to fill a second bowl.  A second priest hands Gregory a white cloth. Gregory waits *  for the second bowl of hot water to be handed to Vladimir. A *  priest gestures for them to begin.  Gregory soaks his cloth in the hot water and looks at his *  brother. They begin to wash their father’s body. *  The priests glance at each other. Vladimir looks down at the  body, unsure. Quietly to Gregory, The short priest reacts a little. Gregory speaks evenly to his brother without averting his eyes from the body. The short priest reacts a little. Vladimir shrugs. He begins to giggle - a bit freaked out. Gregory splashes his cloth on Zykov’s chest and steam rises. The Priests leave. Gregory continues to clean the body and Vladimir watches them exit. Gregory picks up the brand new black suitcase. He flicks it open. The open suitcase contains a brand new expensive suit of clothes with a pair of shiny shoes on the top. Vladimir takes a breath and now the priests are gone his emotion wells up. He stands motionless with his head down. Steam rises from the hot water in the bowls and on the body. Gregory looks up and sees the tears on Vladimir’s face. He pulls up a chair and offers for Vladimir to sit. Vladimir sits and puts his face in his hands. As he sobs silently, Gegory takes out the shoes then pulls out a crisp white shirt and lets it unfold. He takes a pin from the collar of the new shirt and puts it between his lips and interrupts...  Look at the body. Vladimir can’t. * Vladimir takes a huge breath and lowers his hands and drags tears away. Then takes a last look. * Vladimir looks away.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 5.  Gregory is calmly unbuttoning the shirt.... He spots a fresh *  tattoo high up on his fathers hip bone. *  The name ‘C A W A’ (SASHA) is written with a shaken *  handwriting. *  Gregory’s face expression immediately changes. The name Sasha *  means something to him. *  Vladimir’s tears are now drying and he blinks quickly as he  peers at his dead father’s hip bone.  Vladmimir now sees the new Tattoo as well. *  We see three lines of bells in the pink and white belfry.  There are four bells in each line and they grow in size from  left to right. The first bell is as small as a hand, the last  bell is huge and decorated with iconic images.  Between and through the open belfry we see the Russian  skyline of endless snow huddled under a cloud of smoke.  The bells are attached to ropes and we follow them down into  the darkness below. There is a chamber where a Priest stands.  He holds all twelve ropes, some in his hand and some are  attached to his feet and legs. He looks like a puppet (this  is how the Perebus funeral bells are rung).  He rings the first bell by tugging a rope with two fingers in  a sharp jerk. As the first bell rings we see...  A funeral procession consisting of three priests, two grave  diggers, Gregory, Vladimir, and a stray dog which is yapping.  The road drill is steaming in the snow. Zykov’s coffin is  carried through the graveyard on the shoulders of the *  mourners. His sons are at the front, followed by the two  junior priests and finally the grave diggers at the back. The  senior priest leads the way.  Vladimir turns to Gregory and asks quietly,  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 6. Gregory shrugs. Vladimir looks around the graveyard. The priest overhears Gregory. He thinks for a moment then glances at a huge tomb and mausoleum half hidden by fog and a huge Russian pine * tree. It is the only big tomb in the graveyard. * Gregory shrugs in response. They arrive at the grave side. The awkward business of lowering the coffin begins, with the grave diggers using straps. The puppeteer priest is ringing the bells one-by-one and the tone gets deeper each time. Vladimir is freezing and Gregory is impassive, he lights a cigarette. The priest hurries to the other priests and whispers to them. The coffin is lowered and reaches its resting place. The oldest priest comes to the brothers and bows a little. The priest kisses Gregory’s hand and then Vladimir’s. He straightens before saying,  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 7.  We stay on the brothers’ grieving faces for a moment as the  priest throws frozen soil onto the coffin. In the background  beside the grave of the war hero, the grave digger spits into  the ground. *  Gregory drives and Vladimir sits in the passenger seat.  They drive in silence. *  Vladimir looks at his brother. Takes his hand. *  Vladimir except Gregory’s answer. Let’s go of Gregory’s hand. *  He then stares out of the window at the wet foggy poverty of *  the town. An old man wheels fire wood in a hand cart...  They are heading for a small train station and bump across  the tracks.  Gregory pulls up outside the station and pulls on the  handbrake.  Gregory takes out the car keys and hands them to Vladimir. He *  then looks at Vladimir for the fist time since they left the *  graveyard. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 8. Gregory is impassive. Vladimir doesn’t know how to respond. * Gregory smiles at his brother. *  Gregory turns and goes to get out of the car. It becomes *  clear now that Vladimir feels vulnerable without the  protection and counsel of his older brother.  Gregory has always run the family business and so far only  delegated minor, non criminal, responsibilities to Vladimir.  Returning to London alone makes Vladimir nervous...  Gregory announces in deliberately clear Russian. *  He gets out of the car and leaves. *  He walks in the rain toward the train station, he is now no *  more than a black shape cut out under an umbrella. Vladimir *  watches him go with a look of trepidation. He lowers the  window and yells...  Gregory doesn’t hear, doesn’t turn... perhaps the rain is too *  loud. Perhaps he just doesn’t want to. *  Forty people are gathered for the wake, families with  children or men alone. A table has been set up for canapés *  and waiters in starched uniforms serve the guests.  The men wear black ties and the women wear sable. At first  they look like members of the British establishment, but look  closer and it should become apparent that the men in here are  gangsters, Turkish, Russian and Serbian.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 10.  Vladimir is smartly dressed. Sober. He peers through a crack  in the door from a private side room.  He spots a huddle of Russian men sitting in a corner, deep in  conversation, then sees three Turkish men in conversation at  another table. One of the Russians breaks off and heads for  the Turkish group with a piece of paper folded in his hands.  He gives the piece of paper to the Turks and a discussion  begins.  Vladimir doesn’t like these machinations going on all around  him and without Gregory. *  He continues to spy. *  Vladimir shrugs. *  Luda ignores Vladimir’s outburst *  An older Russian man (LEON) enters the rooms. He nods and *  smiles to Luda. Then looks at Vladimir still spying out of *  the crack. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 11.  Vladimir speaks to Leon without turning. *  Leon hesitates. He’s never really liked being alone with *  Vladimir. *  Vladimir peers through the crack once more. Leon looks back  Vladimir emerges from the side room and sees a little girl  (VALERIE). He picks her up, swings her around in his arms  before depositing her on a table with a grin.  Vladimir smiles. *  Switches to Russian.  He twirls her around again. One of the heavy looking men,  NIKOLAI, is suddenly in front of Vladimir, eating a pastry  and dusting the crumbs from his jacket...  Vladimir’s face hardens in an instant and he gently puts the  girl down. He glares at Nikolai.  All the heads of the families and their captains have  gathered in the private side room. Turkish, Serbian, Russian  men sitting down around a large wooden table. Vladimir  stands...  (This scene we also see in a different room. With Vladimir on *  his own. Rehearsing the speech. Luda will be watching both *  scenes with a certain concern.) *  They all pour and raise their glasses.  We will learn that Vladmimir now begins to paraphrase a  ...the code of the Vory V Zakone. No one contradicts him.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 13. He looks down the table. A pause. The silence around this point has a razor sharp edge. Some look to each other, a Turkish man half smiles and looks down. Vladmimir takes a moment then hardens... A pause. He repeats in Russian...Fixing Luda with a stare. * Pause. They understand. Luda is stone-faced. * Vladimir looks at them all directly...  They wonder what he’s referring to.  There is silence.  He drinks. They all drink. Some more nervously than others.  The music resumes. We are back with the families now.  Children running around. The men we saw before have returned.  Vladimir moves through the room. He goes to one, then two  then three men and touches them on the shoulder. The guests  chat amongst themselves but are now still as statues,  enduring this odd turn of events. *  The music makes it more surreal. Vladimir move back in to the *  room, touches another shoulder then another and walks by *  another and another, taking his time - enjoying it. We notice *  he is only touching the shoulders of older men., but then he *  detours and touches a Turkish woman (who we will learn is *  ILKAY) on the shoulder... *  He moves on. We might sense that Vladimir hasn’t yet earned *  this display, he’s running on the fumes of his dead father *  and his absent brother. He touches twenty shoulders in *  succession on his way to reaching the door. *  Then he turns to Leon, and says privately... *  He looks over Leon’s shoulder and around the room. The room *  is watching him. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 15. As he leaves the room he sees Ilkay through the crowd, who is * sipping champagne and smiling at a story being told by a * heavy looking Russian man. * She sees Vladimir staring at her. Their eyes lock through the * crowd and music. * Luda is getting ready to leave. Vladimir comes over. * Luda shakes her head. * Luda puts on her mink coat. Vladimir helps her, he knows how * she despises these people. He tries to make nice. * Vladimir pats Luda’s ass. She smacks his hand away. * Vladimir laughs. * Luda kisses him. He turns his head so their lips brush. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 16.  Luda shakes her head and turns to leave. *  Luda is now on the sidewalk. She looks closely at her brother *  and says with unexpected tenderness... *  Vladimir blinks at her in surprise. *  She leaves. *  Rain pouring down. An expensive five storey Notting Hill *  home. Large cars with suited drivers are parked outside. The  drivers stand and smoke and accept parking tickets with a  smile and a bow. There is loud music coming from within. The  curtains are drawn.  Vladimir enters the kitchen. He’s finally on his own. *  He lights a cigarette from the burner on the stove. In the  flame we see his hand shaking.  In the background we suddenly see a figure standing up *  against the wall. It’s the beautiful young Turkish woman from *  the gallery (Ilkay) wearing a sable coat. *  She begins walking towards Vladimir. *  She looks at Vladimir as she passes him. *  She puts her purse on the counter and opens it. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 17. Vladmimir smiles and shrugs. Ilkay takes something out of her purse and lays it on a kitchen surface. She starts chopping a line of cocaine and is preparing to snort it. Ilkay continues, bending down into her line as if she didn’t She sniffs, raises her head and straightens. She has cocaine dusted on her sable collar. She looks placid and amused,  a sweet little refugee with a Ilkay takes a cigarette out of her bag. Lights it on the burner. Vladimir grabs a damp cloth and begins to wipe away the dusting of cocaine that Ilkay left on the steel surface. He wipes some more, digging the cloth into the steel... She exhales.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 18.  Continues to smoke.  Vladimir stares at her. Her confidence causes Vladimir to  hesitate.  She stares back. Tension between them. She breaks it.  Vladimir and Ilkay stand looking at a painting. The music  from the party from downstairs is muffled.  The room is a store room and an office. It is dominated by an  original Renoir painting. ‘In Summer’, a painting of a sad  and perplexed woman staring out of a beautiful summer scene.  Ilkay comes closer and gazes up at the painting...  He said it reminds him of someone.  Ilkay stares at the painting...  Vladimir laughs.  Vladimir puts his arm around her waist...  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 19.  The hub of the Moscow rail network is busy but we locate  Gregory. He is exiting the station, carrying his small black  suitcase through crowds of commuters who are wrapped up  against the cold. He gets outside into the morning fog and *  hails a taxi.  Children are playing in a playground, making mountains in the  snow. We see them through the railings. The children all wear  identical uniforms. Gregory walks between them.  The reception is a converted vestry with a vaulted ceiling  and a stone floor. Iconic images hang all around and  Gregory’s footsteps echo as he walks.  A FEMALE RECEPTIONIST responds to the echoing footsteps and  emerges from a recess. Gregory lays his gloved hands on the  stone desk. They speak in Russian,  As we take this on board the teacher is alarmed.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 20. Gregory is expressionless. The teacher is deeply intimidated but brave. Gregory nods. The teacher presses a buzzer on the desk and there is a buzz from a back room. Gregory understands that she has called for assistance. The teacher speaks with formality... Gregory reacts with a wave of fury and anxiety which he controls. His father’s message explained. The teacher glances back, as if waiting for assistance... A middle aged man in a sleeveless jumper and round spectacles emerges (ADMINISTRATOR). He is an academic accustomed to The receptionist speaks softly, with trepidation.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 21.  The administrator puffs up...  Gregory stares at the administrator who wilts quickly.  Silence.  The administrator sees the cold intent in Gregory’s eyes and  speaks quickly and honestly.  Gregory shifts his focus to the teacher.  A pause. He looks back to the administrator who swallows  hard. The administrator has genuine feelings. Gregory turns  and walks away.  Gregory walks out through slush with his tumult contained  inside his iron face.  A black car is now parked out side the school. Gregory lights *  a cigarette as he watches the black car. A middle-aged *  MINISTRY OFFICIAL gets out of the black car and leaves the  passenger door open as he watches Gregory.  We can still hear the children’s voices echoing.  The Ministry official calls out... *  The car drives fast. Gregory looks out the window at the *  foggy almost colourless landscape. *  The ministry official looks at Gregory in the rear mirror. *  Gregory’s heels click on the tiled floor as he and the  official make their way down a high vaulted corridor. As they  walk, we glimpse large portraits of Putin along with hanging  Russian flags.  Gregory is shown into a large office, built and decorated in  ornate Tsarist style. More flags hang and there is a stove to  augment the central heating.  On the wall there is the famous photo of President Putin,  bare chested, holding up a trout he’s just caught.  A man in his sixties (the INTERIOR MINISTER) is working on  papers by the light of a table lamp and looks up briefly as  Gregory is shown in. He greets him in Russian. *  The ministers condolences are ignored by Gregory. *  The minister ignores the question from Gregory. *  Gregory stares at the minister. *  Gregory finally sits. * The Minister leans back in his chair and it creaks. He reaches back to a shelf and pulls out a file. From it he * takes a portrait photograph. It is a photo of a Russian woman * who we will learn is NATASHA DUBINSKY. She is in her early * fifties, unsmiling. Gregory glances briefly at the photo. * Gregory still says nothing. * The Minister stares at Gregory. A pause. He gestures at the photo. Gregory relents.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 24. The Minister scans another typed sheet from his file. The Minister glances at the portrait of Putin grinning, holding up his trout.. Gregory doesn’t look up at the photo... Gregory’s face hardens. * A pause. Gregory responds in English. The interior Minister takes another sheet from the file and places it on the desk. We see an address and a brief description and a poorly photocopied image of an icon. He taps the image with a stubby finger. The Minister smiles... Gregory glances at the photocopy with its smudged colors. Only the eyes of the icon survive and stare out. The Minister picks up the sheet and holds it out for Gregory to take. Gregory hesitates. Silence. They stare at each other. The Minister decides to put an end to all doubt.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.  A pause.  We stay with Gregory. Contemplating. *  Thick rain falls at Moscow Airport. We see a black car pull *  up at a security check point leading to the baggage area. The *  driver shows ID and is allowed through. *  The driver arrives at a floodlit loading area and gets out. *  From the trunk he takes out an Aeroflot bag. *  Suitcases chug through a rubber curtain, ready to be loaded. *  We find Gregory’s black suitcase and see it has a blue ribbon *  tied to it. Gloved hands pluck it from the conveyor and put *  the Aeroflot bag inside. The suitcase is then returned to the *  conveyor belt. *  Coke is snorted off a glass table. Ilkay and Vladimir are  both in their underwear dancing. High. Very loud music makes  it impossible to hear anything.  Ilkay dances, poses next to the painting. Laughing, playful.  Striking poses that match the figure in the portrait. Pulling  sad faces. Vladimir starts laughing, gets up and joins her.  They dance. They kiss - hands all over each other. Vladimir  breaks away to line up more coke.  Ilkay looks round the room, dancing, curious. Looks in a  drawer, doesn’t see anything, then another - nothing, one  more and suddenly, what has she found? Very slowly she pulls  out a gun. Gregory’s gun.  She weighs it in her hand, admires it, tries it out. She  turns points it at Vladimir. He looks up, freaks out. She  laughs, cowers. Now he laughs, gets up and goes to take the  gun off her. She dances with it teasing him, they play fight,  wrestle, he tries to grab her. She runs, jumps on the sofa,  he chases. It’s getting faster, she jumps, he tackles her -  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 27.  BANG!  - the gun fires. A heart beat or two. The music skips. Both  bodies lie dead still. Slowly, Vladimir starts to get up,  breathing hard. He struggles to climb from under Ilkay’s  lifeless body. Blood begins to pool fast from under her chest  and toward Vladimir’s feet. He steps back....and back...to  avoid the flood. He drops the gun. He stares at the body.  The debris of the funeral party is still strewn all around.  Dishes and broken glass and half eaten food.  The front door opens. Gregory enters carrying the blue  Aeroflot bag. He looks all around and reacts to the state of  the place.  Leon walks towards him. *  Gregory looks towards the close Kitchen door. *  Then he hears a clatter from the kitchen. He enters the *  Kitchen. Vladimir is sitting, slumped over the table. He’s *  wrecked, drunk, hung-over, smears of dried blood on his  body... but his face implodes with relief when he sees  Gregory.  Vladimir stands and stumbles over to Gregory and gives him a *  huge hug. Gregory reacts to the blood.  Vladimir remembers the night before like biting on a rotten  tooth. He rubs the back of his neck.  Vladimir grunts at the enormity of what happened and repeats  softly...  A pause. Gregory studies Vladimir and senses trouble.  Vladimir begins to laugh softly to himself. Finally... he  looks up with tears in his eyes.  A pause.  A pause.  The room is just as we left it.  We find Ilkay dead. The blood has caked dry around her. The  door opens and Gregory and Vladimir enter. Gregory goes to  the body, takes a deep breath and turns her over. It is  evident he recognises her. Vladimir can’t look. *  Gregory walks past him and out of the room.  Vladimir calls after him,  Gregory doesn’t stop walking.  Gregory continues down to Leon who’s waiting at the bottom of *  the staircase. *  Leon nods. *  Gregory looks dead serious. Then snaps out of it. *  Leon nods. *  Gregory turns and looks up towards his brother. *  A small North London Turkish butcher shop has meat hanging.  A fat Turkish guy is hanging a lamb carcass on a meat hook.  Gregory approaches in the rain.  The fat Turkish guy turns around as Gregory enters. He  squeezes himself behind the counter, wiping blood on a cloth.  Gregory doesn’t speak.  A regular customer enters and the shopkeeper nods a nervous  greeting.  The regular customer calls over in Turkish...  Gregory smiles at the customer. *  The regular customer glances at Gregory and leaves.  Gregory suddenly twists the shop keepers arm around, making  his body spin. The shopkeeper yells in pain.  The shopkeeper nods. *  Gregory turns and walks out into the rain. *  Vladimir and an army of cleaners are cleaning and  straightening up the house. Leon is sweeping up broken glass  and the place is a hive of activity. Vladimir sees a car pull  up outside and hurries to the door.  He unlocks the door and lets Gregory in. Vladimir puts his  arm around Gregory and speaks softly as they walk through the  frantic clean up....  Gregory walks with purpose and doesn’t reply. Vladimir is  filled with intrigue and whispers...  Gregory pushes open the door to the kitchen.  As soon as they are in the kitchen Gregory spins Vladimir  around and gets down to business.  Vladimir nods. Not sure what to say or what to expect. *  Vladimir looks down. *  Gregory slaps Vladimir in the face. *  Gregory grabs Vladimir’s ears and tugs them away from his  head, a physical instruction for him to listen. It looks  painful, almost comical.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 32. Vladimir is trying to keep up. Gregory pulls his ears even harder and shakes Vladimir’s head to make him concentrate... Vladimir begins to smile to show he understands but Gregory yanks his ears so that they hurt... Gregory stares into Vladimir’s eyes. Vladimir nods quickly. Gregory hugs him then lets him go. Vladimir heaves a sigh of relief. He can find no words of gratitude. Gregory lets Vladimir go and walks toward the back door. Vladimir takes a breath and calls out to his departing brother... Gregory goes upstairs.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 33.  Gregory enters with his black suitcase. The Renoir still  hangs and there is a bullet hole in the wall beside it. The  blood has all been cleaned up.  He goes to a small safe and dials a code to open it. *  He then opens up his small black suitcase. The icon is inside  and it glows in the flickering light. Gregory stares at it  and we might sense he feels a connection with its weary  sadness.  He glances at the Renoir and sees a reflection in the  expression. The same look of disappointment and accusation.  He grabs an ancient 1950’s suitcase from a corner (the one  his father brought with him from Russia) and lays it down and  opens it. It is filled with cash (his father’s stash).  Gregory places the icon on top of the cash and nestles it  into a safe place. He covers it over with bank notes. *  He runs his hand through his hair. Sits down at his desk. *  Gregory opens a drawer and takes out a photo. He’s looks at *  it. It’s a picture of him together with a woman and their *  newborn baby. *  We stay with Gregory. *  Rain is pouring down. Gregory drives his car up in front of *  the Ritz. He steps out and hands the key to the doorman. *  Morning Michael. *  Michael the doorman smiles at him. * Gregory enters the Ritz. * Gregory stands looking out the window. The best view of Hyde * park. Luda comes out of the bathroom. * Gregory turns. * Luda smiles. She sits. Pours coffee * Luda just stares at Gregory. Her anger is apparent * Gregory spits it out. * Luda reacts. Silence, no response. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 35. He ploughs on through her reaction... * She looks up at Gregory. * Gregory nods, then speaks evenly and clearly. * Its clear that once upon a time the two of them were close, * Luda shakes her head and looks at Gregory. * Luda just stares at him. * Luda stares cold at Gregory. He stares back. * She nods her assent, ever so slightly. * A pause. * Gregory stands. * Luda stares hard at Gregory. She doesn’t believe him. He * leaves. *  A space has been cleared in the room and the Renoir peers *  down. Gregory has an old fashioned Polaroid camera in his *  hand (cell phones are not secure) and has draped a white *  sheet against the wall. *  Propped up against the white sheet, for the first time we see *  the stolen icon. It is very beautiful. The Madonna’s eyes *  follow us around the room. *  Beside it is the front page of that day’s newspaper. *  Gregory kneels close and takes a shot of the icon beside the *  newspaper. He stares at the icon and we might sense that he *  knock at the door and we hear Vladimir from outside. He tries *  to open the door but it’s locked. *  Gregory ignores him. *  Gregory still doesn’t answer. *  Gregory hardly pauses before taking aim and firing off *  another shot... *  Vladimir tries to be funny. *  Vladimir knocks on the door a little harder, still half *  laughing. He whispers. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 38.  The camera light flashes under the door once more. Vladimir *  gets mad but speaks softly with a laugh in his voice... *  Silence. The camera flashes again. Vladimir is about to *  hammer on the door but holds himself in check. *  Silence. *  He gently touches the closed door. Still no response from *  Gregory. The camera flashes again. Vladimir takes a breath, *  turns and walks. *  Gregory hears Vladimir leave and reacts. He stares at the *  image of the Virgin and she appears to stare back at him. *  He looks back to the door (Vladimir). *  The beautiful over grown Oxford cemetery is filled with and *  shadows on a sunny and foggy morning. The tombs sit at angles *  or are half sunk into the ground. The yearly lushness makes *  it the total opposite to the graveyard in Russia.  Then we see a shadow and then see Luda walking between the  graves, glancing at a map of famous grave stones. She checks  the inscriptions and finally finds the tomb of someone called  Theophilius Carter, who died in 1904.  There is a tea pot on the grave. Luda looks around once and  then takes a small envelope from under her coat. She places  it in the teapot.  A perfectly English scene as students about to sit exams walk  around the manicured quadrant in flowing black robes. Through  the crowd a tall, gaunt man with wild grey hair walks quickly  and carelessly. We follow him...  ....in shafts of light we absorb the dry, sun bleached  interior of books and leather and upright chairs. Books of  art history are strewn on a circular coffee table. The door  to the office opens and the gaunt man with grey hair enters.  He sits instantly down at his desk and turns on his computer.  He checks his incoming mails. *  We will learn that this is PROFESSOR MONTY DARK, a Serbian  born Professor of art history. A large original lithograph of  the Mad Hatter hangs in a frame above his head.  He curses at his screen. *  He rolls his wheeled chair back from the screen and calls out  again.  Clara! I need you to print *  There is silence in response.  Suddenly a new mail and an image pops up on his screen - it’s *  a picture of The Matter Hatter. The Professor reacts with  unease before...  Clara Monty assistant comes in. The Office is already empty. *  ....he is already running, his shirt untucked, his grey hair  wild, racing between and around people...  ...in the rearview mirror we see Monty running through the  Oxford streets.  She takes a deep breath. Picks up her cell and sends a text. *  Text: He’s on his way.. *  Monty runs through the graveyard, following a path he knows *  well. He arrives at the tomb of Theophilius Carter. He falls  to his knees opens the teapot and finds the envelope.  He tears it open and reads frantically. We see three  photographs of the icon, taken by Gregory. Monty stares at  them and then clutches them to his chest. He gets to his feet  and looks all around.  countryside. A black Mini is driving fast down the lane with  Monty at the wheel. Monty drives the way he runs. We hear  Serbian pop music.  He is smoking. He seems to be nervous. He drives fast across  a windswept crossroads but suddenly his Sat Nav speaks...  SAT NAV  You have reached your  Monty hits the brakes hard and skids to a halt. He turns off  the music and the wind moans. He looks all around at the  empty desolation. Not even a barn to mark the spot.  Monty checks a scrap of paper on which he has written some  GPS coordinates. From the glove compartment of his car, Monty  takes out a house brick.  We see Monty getting out of the car with the envelope in one  hand and the brick in the other.  He walks forward a few paces then carefully places the  envelope down under the brick on the white line in the middle  of the road (we infer he is following an instruction). He  glances around for someone or something, but the hedges and *  fields seem empty.  He walks back to his car and gets inside. He fires his engine  and slowly reverses away from where the envelope has been  left.  Monty drives away.  The envelope is under the brick and the wind tugs at it.  After only a moment a battered Land Rover appears from a dirt  track in the nearby field. It parks directly over the  envelope, with a front wheel either side.  We hear a rhythmic clicking coming from inside the Land  Rover. Then the passenger door opens and a red setter dog is  shooed out of the vehicle. The dog comes around to the  envelope and begins to sniff it. Satisfied, the dog sits.  Then, a Mongolian Russian gets out of the car. This is HUNAN.  The rhythmic clicking sound gets louder and we see that Hunan  has a Geiger counter in his hand. He comes to the front of  the Land Rover and squats down.  He runs the Geiger counter over the envelope and it stays  even. Satisfied that it is ok, Hunan pulls on a surgical  glove then picks up the envelope and straightens. He carries  the envelope to the car and then drives away fast.  We take in the majesty of the house for a moment then see  Hunan’s Land Rover approaching the front gate. The property  is surrounded by a high wall topped with razor wire. There is  an Iris recognition security monitor at the gate which Hunan  pulls towards with his window open. He peers into the purple  light for a moment and the security gate begins to open.  As Hunan drives up the long drive, we see security cameras  following his progress.  Two heavy looking ex-FSB security men guard the door with  guns hidden. Hunan pulls up in front of the door and gets out  of the Land Rover with the envelope. We might notice a sentry  on guard on the roof of the nearby building.  Hunan trots past the security guards who evidently know him  well and defer to him. He punches a security code into a  keypad beside the front door.  Hunan walks smartly down a long corridor with doorways  opening out either side onto drawing rooms and dining rooms.  Oil paintings decorate the walls along with tapestries. As we  follow Hunan and the envelope, we see secretaries at work in  some of the rooms, large log fires burning, video screens  flickering.  Several staff members walk in the opposite direction and  greet Hunan silently. He reaches a door marked ‘Observatory’.  There is another keypad beside this door and Hunan punches in  a coded number.  Hunan enters this most secure area. All around the walls we  see works of art, some old masters and some Impressionists.  We will learn that some of them are stolen. There are also  pieces of text in Cyrillic, framed and protected by glass.  In a shaded wall we see a collection of six original Russian  icons from the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries. Hunan  walks past them and trots up the staircase.  At the top of the spiral stairs he finds a closed door which  he opens. Inside we are surprised to find a fabulously  expensive and technically advanced TELESCOPE.  The upper room has been turned into an observatory with a  glass domed roof. The telescope is pointed at the sky. The  room is empty though a cigarette still burns in an ashtray.  He looks at another closed door with a sign which reads  ‘Library’. Hunan glances at the smouldering cigarette and  guesses.  Hunan turns and places the envelope beneath the telescope.  He walks.  Once again we stay with the envelope for a moment. We hear  Hunan’s footsteps as he descends and hear a door close. Only  then does Natasha Dubinsky emerge.  She is a little older than the woman in the photo Gregory  saw, and thinner. She may not have slept and we might imagine  she spent the night gazing at the stars. We sense someone  alive furiously inside her own head.  She opens a drawer and takes out some white gloves, of the  kind used for handling very old manuscripts. She then opens  up the envelope and stares at the photograph of the icon.  The sight of it seems to put a new light into her eyes and  bring her life to the surface. She places the photo down on  the desk and smooths it, speaks in Russian,  A pause.  Gregory sits at his desk. He’s looking at a book of beautiful *  Russian icons as if searching for an answer. Leon comes in. *  We see their conversation through the window. Gregory *  listens. He does not look happy. *  Rain. Roars of laughter, drunken screams, a night in Soho. *  Through the drunks and tourists Gregory and Vladimir walk  past the window of a garishly lit Chinese slot machine  arcade. *  Gregory stops. Looks straight at his brother. Vladimir isn’t *  sure of what’s going on. *  Gregory walks out of the rain and into the slots place and *  Vladimir follows.  It’s quiet inside. Only a few haunted figures play the slots.  Gregory and Vladimir enter the place and walk toward a door  marked ‘staff only’. Gregory walks on and Vladimir follows.  A young Chinese guy with dyed blond hair (TONY) stands at the  door of the small office. His Mother (MADAM LAU) is pouring  tea for three. Madam Lau is in her sixties and is wearing a  gold and blue silk tunic. She has deep, hard eyes.  Gregory and Vladimir are seated at a round table as their tea  cups are poured. A living waterfall picture glows in the half  darkness. Once Madam Lau has poured her tea she takes a seat  and begins to speak in Hak Ga dialect.  After she has spoken, Tony translates in a bored monotone.  A pause. Gregory glances at Madam Lau’s hand.  Tony translates and Madam Lau shrugs.  She continues and Tony translates.  Gregory stares at Madam Lau...  A pause.  Madam Lau pushes a scrap of paper across the table. Gregory  reads it and reacts.  Gregory and Vladimir emerge from the slot machine arcade and  Gregory stops to lean against a wall to light a cigarette.  He looks deeply pissed off and Vladimir sees it. Vladimir  tries to bounce the mood away...  Gregory looks at Vladimir with more contempt and speaks  evenly.  Gregory gestures inside.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 46. Gregory draws on his cigarette. Vladimir looks down at his shoes. Inside, a machine pays out a jackpot. Gregory doesn’t answer. Gregory blows smoke into the neon. Vladimir laughs, pretending the answer is a joke... Gregory stubs out his cigarette, takes Vladimir in his arms. He kisses his brother on the top of the head and disappears round the corner. At first Vladimir doesn’t follow - he then * turns up his collar and follows out in the rain. * The next day. Gregory and Luda speak on the phone. Luda * laughs bitterly. *  Gregory is coaching Luda. *  She is exasperated.. *  Luda stares ahead. *  In a sunlit gallery we find Professor Monty Dark sitting on a  bench, staring at Manet’s ‘Portrait of Mademoiselle Claus’.  After a moment Luda enters and walks to the painting. The  painting is a rendezvous and Luda quickly identifies Monty  Dark and sits down on the bench. He gestures at the sad and lonely expression on the face of the portrait. Luda is unimpressed. Monty Dark smiles. Luda looks around the gallery and sighs and repeats again. Monty turns to study her. What did he expect? He stares again at the Manet... Luda sighs and checks her watch. Monty shrugs.  A transaction of that size would be Luda continues....  A pause. Monty studies her.  A pause.  He smiles.  But she tells me she wants to see  the bones.  Luda leaves. *  Luda comes out from the Museum. Turns left. Starts walking *  fast. Heavy breathing. The rain is pouring down. *  At night the observatory is a wondrous place. An image of the  night sky is projected on a plain wall and small blue lights  glow. The telescope itself gleams in moonlight from the glass  dome.  We see the red end of a cigarette glow as Madam Dubinsky  looks at the stars. After a moment there is a knock and Hunan  enters. The moment the door is closed... Natasha draws on her cigarette. Hunan is cautious... Dubinsky hardly hears... Hunan flickers just a little and we should imagine he is used to Dubinsky’s odd flights of fancy. Dubinsky turns to him with a look of utter contempt. Hunan smothers his feelings and walks. Gregory enters the Kitchen. Vladimir sits there. He looks up * at Gregory. * Gregory ignores Vladimir. He goes to the fridge and takes out * some food. He starts making himself a plate. * He softens slightly * A pause. * Vladimir is all changed. It’s like he suddenly lit up. * Gregory forces out a smile. Looks out the window, sees Luda * pull up. Vladimir sees too, his smile fades. * Gregory reaches over the table and takes his brother’s hand * and leans in close. * Gregory exits the kitchen, leaving Vladimir alone and * forlorn. * Luda and Gregory talk *  Just tell me what he said? * Gregory nods, showing he understands... * Luda sips her coffee, then looks directly at Gregory. * Gregory looks straight ahead. * Gregory doesn’t reply. * Gregory doesn’t reply. * Gregory looks at her. * Gregory’s silence signals his assent *  Understand? * Gregory is walking down Harley Street with his briefcase. He walks through a small iron gate and we see the plaque of a clinic belonging to a Doctor Sherenovsky. It’s out of hours. Gregory presses the buzzer on the door, waits and is finally let through. A young Russian receptionist greets him with a smile as he enters. She picks up the phone and in Russian.... The consulting room is plush and exudes expense. DOCTOR SHERENOVSKY is mid sixties, worldly, amused by life and death. He opens the door to let Gregory in and they kiss each other on both cheeks. He speaks in Russian. The doctor closes the door then locks it. Gregory puts his * briefcase on the doctor’s desk. Inside the briefcase there * is another case made from metal. It has a complex code key and Gregory begins to feed in the combination. The doctor studies Gregory and, for the first time, we sense his nervousness. * Gregory doesn’t flicker as he opens the metal case. Inside we see the icon. Sherenovsky reacts with shock and trepidation. Gregory takes an envelope of cash out of the briefcase and lays it on the desk. Gregory is wearing a lead vest. The doctor slides the tray * into the X-ray machine. He picks up a control button on a wire and fires the X-ray machine....  Only a few table lamps burn inside the gallery and the art  works are cloaked in darkness. The door to the back office is  ajar and we see Vladimir speaking with Leon.  A door buzzer buzzes and Hunan enters the gallery. He walks  past Vladimir’s office and through the gallery. Vladimir  spies him, and hurries to the door and watches him go up the  stairs.  No paintings are stored here but there are stacks of empty  frames. Gregory sits at a leather-topped desk staring out of  the window. Hunan walks in through an open door and Gregory  turns and sits.  Hunan closes the door and stand in front of the desk. *  The secure window is barred and they sit into barred light.  Gregory puts an envelope onto the desk.  Hunan hardly takes his eyes off Gregory as he produces a  small Geiger Counter from his own briefcase and runs it over  the envelope.  Hunan has a weary expression, suggesting he knows that  already. The Geiger Counter flutters only a little. Hunan is  satisfied and takes the envelope.  Hunan is about to leave. * Hunan stops. * He continues evenly. Hunan stares. Gregory stares and Hunan begins to understand. Hunan’s face changes to a half smile. Then he laughs briefly and looks away but then looks back. Gregory stares. Hunan is about to leave but Gregory grabs his arm and speaks * evenly. A pause. * As Gregory continues, Hunan begins to react with horror (we will learn why) and sits down slowly.... Gregory reaches into his pocket. Gregory pulls out a metal key, which he drops on the table. Hunan stares at it with horror. Hunan’s face is now tight with fear and anger as he looks from the key to Gregory. A pause. He pushes the key across the table. Hunan looks back to the key. Gregory waits. After a moment Hunan takes the key and puts it into his pocket. A pause.  Vladimir is blowing up balloons. He’s decorating for the *  birthday party. Some of the staff members are helping him. *  He’s enjoying himself. *  Gregory’s car pulls up outside. Gregory gets out and  (surprisingly) enters the party shop.  Gregory’s sharp black suit is incongruous to the wild colours *  and scary outlines of the fancy dress shop. After a moment an *  ASSISTANT emerges from behind a witch’s cloak. He is late *  fifties, a sixties veteran. *  Gregory has placed the case and opens it. He turns and faces *  the assistant with a face of stone. *  A pause. *  He pulls a picture of a clown outfit from his case and holds *  it up. *  A shock. In a back bedroom we find Vladimir half dressed as a  clown. He is applying the nose and the wig in the mirror. He  giggles as he looks at himself.  He laughs and yells...  He leaves...  The same large room that hosted the wake has now been  transformed for a children’s birthday party. There are  balloons and goody bags and chairs arranged for musical  chairs.  Through an open door into the kitchen we can just glimpse the  back of another clown, who is smoking. Gregory arrives from  upstairs and calls out....  He bursts into the kitchen and stops dead when he sees the *  other clown. The guy is roughly the same height and build as *  Vladimir. His face clouds. The Clown turns. *  The clown has no idea who he has been hired by and is *  instantly dead pan. *  Vladimir moves closer and gets louder and louder.... *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 61.  The clown scares quickly and speaks fast... *  Gregory is sitting near to the window, peering out of the *  window down at the street. The first of the party guests are *  beginning to arrive. Most are respectable parents of school *  friends of Zykov‘s niece, Valerie. We see Gregory has a *  revolver on the table beside him. *  Vladimir bursts in, his wig and red nose in his hand. *  Gregory continues to stare out of the window. *  Gregory looks out of the window at the arriving guests. *  Gregory turns and peers at his brother in clown clothes. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 62.  Gregory turns back to the window. *  He looks to Vladimir as if it’s a real question. *  Vladimir takes a moment. *  Gregory looks at his brother. Then smiles. *  A pause. *  Vladimir has no clue WTF Gregory is talking about. *  He half laughs... *  Vladimir hesitates. Then leaves. After he has gone, Gregory *  begins to load bullets into his revolver. *  Vladimir in full swing as the clown. Children laughing and  music being played. The kids are loving it and so is  Vladimir. This feels like his true element. He’s good. *  We join the reserve clown as he smokes a cigarette and sips  vodka that he has been given in the empty kitchen. Beyond the  kitchen we can hear children laughing and music being played  for musical chairs. The clown is on his cell phone....  Then Vladimir enters, and grabs a cake with unlit candles.  The clown gestures at the vodka.  Vladimir takes a moment, now becoming uneasy. Then he leaves  with the cake.  The entertainment’s over. The kids all begin to head for a  table where lots of plastic party bags are waiting, filled  with trinkets and slices of cake.  We join Gregory as he peers down at the parents departing  with goody bags. Cars pull away. Then, over their heads, he  sees a long black Bentley pulling up.  The driver of the Bentley gets out and opens the rear door. A  wiry Turkish man with a thick moustache gets out and buttons  his camel hair coat. A few moments later an empty hearse  pulls up.  Gregory reaches for his revolver and slips it into his  jacket. He gets to his feet. At that moment Vladimir bursts  in, his wig in his hand. Gregory takes Vladimir gently by the shoulders. He comes close and speaks softly. Vladmimir looks terrified. He looks out of the window and sees four Turkish men now waiting for the last car to depart. Gregory holds him tight. Gregory takes him and gives him a huge hug (which for the first time we see is filled with sincere feeling). He pulls back. There is a heavy knock on the door downstairs and the bell rings three times. Vladimir suddenly have trouble breathing. * Gregory lets go of his brother. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 65. Vladimir is almost weeping, still breathing hard... * He touches Vladimir’s face... Vladimir nods. AT * Vladimir blinks away tears. At that moment they hear the door being kicked open downstairs. A Turkish voice... Gregory ushers Vladimir to the door.  Vladimir hesitates.  We see the shapes of four men with backs turned among the  debris of the children’s party. Gregory, then Vladimir enter.  Vladimir is holding his wig and red nose.  TASHKAR, the wiry leader of the men is first to turn and sees  Vladimir as they enter the room.  He gestures around at the room trashed by the children’s  party.  All four men are staring murder at Vladimir, in his clown  costume. His appearance freezes the air.  a funny guy. Kids like him. Take a  seat.  The Turkish men glare at Vladimir as they grab chairs still  in line for musical chairs. As they take their seats, one of  the Turkish men accidentally bursts a balloon by stepping on  it. Everyone reacts to the bang.  They sit down in a circle. Gregory ushers Vladimir to a seat  nearest the kitchen door.  Gregory nods.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 67. A pause. Tashkar stares at Gregory and Gregory meets his stare. Vladimir is pouring himself a glass of wine and babbles nervously... Tashkar’s murderous look is almost uncontainable as he glares Vladimir into silence. Gregory studies the look and begins to sense the news is bad. Tashkar turns back to Gregory. A pause. Vladimir swallows down his wine like it is a lump of granite, looking at Gregory over his glass. Then Tashkar reaches into his pocket... He pulls out three severed fingers, all wearing ornate rings. They are the rings Madam Lau was wearing, the rings that once belonged to Ilkay. The fingers belonged to Madam Lau. Tashkar stares only at Gregory as he drops Madam Lau’s severed fingers onto the tablecloth. Gregory takes a breath. Vladimir waits for Gregory to speak but there is silence. Vladimir decides to try to bluff it out. Gregory and Tashkar are staring only at each other, communicating silently. Tashkar’s eyes burn as he finally turns to Vladimir. Vladimir sees the murder in his eyes and looks to Gregory imploringly... Tashkar looks back to Gregory and speaks softly. A long silence. Suddenly two of the Turks pull guns. One points at Vladimir, the other at Gregory. Vladimir almost falls backwards off his chair. Gregory nods once. Vladimir stares in horror. Gregory’s face contorts in grief for just half a second.  that he can face justice. The revolvers are cocked. A pause. Gregory looks at the severed fingers on the table.  Gregory looks to be deeply distressed. He looks away. The  guns are pointed.  Vladimir rises slowly to his feet his mouth gaping...  A pause. Tashkar stares at Gregory.  Vladmimir’s legs almost give way.  Gregory pulls his revolver and cocks it. He gets to his feet.  He stares at Vladimir.  Vladimir hesitates. Gregory’s eyes flicker for just a moment.  At last Vladimir remembers and makes a break for the kitchen,  chairs flying. Gregory fires and misses. So do the Turks. *  The Turks leap to their feet but Gregory is ahead of them and  bursts into the kitchen.  In the kitchen it all happens fast.  The substitute clown is drunk with his head on the table. But  the gun shot brings him to his feet. The moment he enters  Gregory shoots the clown twice in the face.  Vladimir is close and Gregory pushes him down the cellar  steps. Vladimir falls hard down the stone steps into  darkness.  When Tashkar enters he sees the substitute clown lying dead,  his face blown apart by the two bullets. Gregory has his arm  over his face in grief.  Tashkar growls and points the gun again at the dead clown’s  face and pumps more bullets into his head (making him more  unrecognisable). *  After a moment the smoke clears. Tashkar stares at the body  then looks to Gregory, who removes his arm and takes a breath  to hold back tears.  Gregory falls to his knees and hugs the bloody body, blood  pooling all around the clown. Gregory pulls back, covered in  Blood is reaching the boots of the four Turks. Tashkar looks  down and speaks in Turkish.  The four men leave. As they go Gregory sits back, blood  soaked, and he breaths again.  A guy in his thirties (MIKHAIL) leaves the building and steps *  into an unmarked black embassy staff car. He is driven away  at speed.  It is a busy lunch time and the chefs are working through  smoke and flames. Knives and skewers clatter. Through the  smoke we see Luda entering in her long mink. She walks by the *  reception...  She scans the room and sees Mikhail from the embassy sitting *  at a corner table for two. He is with a young man and the two *  are drinking Saki and laughing. Mikhail stops laughing when *  he sees Luda approaching. *  He double takes as if he has seen a ghost.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 71.  Luda turns and walks. *  Mikhail reacts with horror and speaks softly to his date. *  He dabs his mouth with his napkin and follows fast. *  We see that Luda apparently represents something awful for *  Luda lights a cigarette as she waits in the doorway where a *  uniformed doorman opens the door for guests. Chauffeur driven  cars are parked. Mikhail emerges. *  Luda blows out her smoke, turns and looks at Mikhail. * Mikhail reacts with deep, deep foreboding. * Luda stares into his eyes. Looks towards the restaurant. * Luda looks at him. * Luda smiles. *  Gregory sends his regards. * Luda smiles. *  Michal fumbles for a cigarette. He lights it and blows smoke  away.  Luda drops her cigarette. *  SWITCHING TO RUSSIAN *  Luda walks out. *  A Regency chair is smashed against a wall. *  The study is elegantly furnished and decorated but right now *  the room is being smashed to pieces by a furious Natasha *  Dubinsky. *  She sweeps cups and saucers from a table and hurls books from *  a small shelf above her desk. She grabs an angle-poise lamp *  and bends it back on itself until it snaps. Her hair is *  tangled around her face as she kicks at the debris around her *  feet. *  Finally, she stops to take a breath. Behind her through the *  window we see the misty fields of her estate. We also notice *  that amongst the debris are the torn pages of a newspaper. *  Dubinsky slumps into the chair at the desk. There is a *  computer and a keyboard which is dangling on its wire. A *  cigarette burns in an ashtray. A wood fire burns in the grate *  and wind moans down the chimney. *  There is a knock at the door. The door opens and Hunan *  enters, carrying the envelope of X-rays that Gregory gave to *  him. * Hunan hardly reacts when he sees the mess in the room. He * takes a breath but from his reaction we infer that this rage * may be a relatively regular occurrence. * Dubinsky looks a little contrite. To explain the mess, she * gestures at the newspaper and speaks gently... * Hunan glances at the shreds of the newspaper. Dubinsky speaks * softly...bitterly. * Hunan sits down near to Dubinsky with the envelope in his * lap. * Dubinsky sweeps her hair from her face. She stares at the * envelope and then begins to tear it open. * She pulls the X-Rays from the envelope. She stares at them. * She breaths the air around it. * Hunan reacts wearily. Dubinsky glances up at Hunan as if she * senses something. She repeats... * She goes back to studying the X-Rays. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 75.  Madame Dubinsky continues to study the X-Ray. *  Hunan reacts. Dubinsky holds the X-Rays up to the light. We *  guess from her reaction that she can see straight away the *  She shoves the X-Rays back into the envelope. *  She offers the X-Ray to Hunan. *  Hunan takes the envelope. Dubinsky walks out the door. *  Luda comes walking down the street. She’s walking fast. *  Luda enters the office. The room is silent. Gregory sits at *  his desk. Luda looks directly at Gregory. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 76. Luda shakes her head. She understands. Vladimir is alive. * Luda sits in exasperation. *  She stands getting ready to leave. And almost as an * afterthought she adds * Gregory looks after Luda as she leaves. He almost smiles. *  Gregory sits at a desk, staring out of the window. He has a *  digital radio beside the briefcase and it is playing the BBC  World service. We hear Dubinsky being interviewed.  Gregory sits in half darkness, staring out at the street  below.  The studio is cramped and functional. Natasha is being  interviewed by a woman in her thirties (INTERVIEWER). Hunan  and a body guard are at the air lock door. Hunan leaves the *  room. Dubinsky notices. *  Hunan walks down the hallway, picks up his phone. Makes a *  call. *  (During this we hear Dubinsky’s interview). *  Gregory’s phone rings. He picks it up. * Hunan returns to the studio. Dubinsky is still being * Dubinsky’s voice breaks and her feelings break through...  Dubinsky (CONT’D FROM RADIO)  There is only the hand in the  shadow. Or just the shadow. A pause. The interviewer steps in... Dubinsky sparks...  She stops herself and sweeps back her hair. She returns to  the question...  Dubinsky says nothing. The silence throbs on the air waves.  Hunan checks his watch. AT  Gregory has take the icon from the case and peers at it as  Dubinsky answers and Gregory listens...  For democracy. For change.  As Gregory stares at the icon his reaction is puzzling. The  words appear to have resonance for him.  She interrupts...  She switches to Russian,  Gregory reacts. On air there is puzzled silence. The dark  mother icon is in his hand.  Gregory turns off the radio.  The curved 1920’s facade has lights burning, though it is  late. Outside, near to the main entrance, three black  Mercedes cars are parked. Around them stand six bodyguards in  The bodyguards scan the empty streets until a radio crackles  and they stiffen in readiness. The double doors of  Broadcasting House open and Hunan emerges, looking left and  right. Then Dubinsky appears, flanked by two more bodyguards,  as she is hurried across the pavement into one of the waiting  Dubinsky ducks into the car and the other bodyguards jump  into the vehicles in front and behind. Hunan follows Dubinsky  into the middle car and the cavalcade pulls away into the  Gregory walks down the street with his briefcase in his hand.  He approaches the railings outside the clinic then trots down  the steps to the front door. At the front door he presses the  buzzer. After a moment, Doctor Sherenovsky himself opens the  door. He looks deeply anxious and ushers Gregory inside  quickly.  The doctor hurries down a half-lit corridor with Gregory  behind him. Sherenovsky has reached a locked door. He takes  out two keys and unlocks the door. He pushes it open onto a  half-lit room.  Gregory enters the room which is lit only by street lights  from the gloom outside. We now see Vladimir sitting on the bed. * He looks a little thinner and is unshaven, wearing a neck brace. Gregory pulls a quarter bottle of vodka from his pocket. Gregory unscrews the top on the bottle. Gregory puts the vodka bottle gently to Vladimir’s lips. Vladimir takes a sip. The burn makes him cough.  Now you are dead like I was. * Gregory puts the bottle to Vladimir’s lips again. It is a tender gesture, like a nurse offering water, even though the liquid is vodka. At last Vladimir reaches out to touch Gregory’s hand they hold hands for a moment, reassuring, then Gregory reaches into his pocket. He produces an envelope which he drops onto Vladimir’s lap. Vladimir tears the envelope open. Inside he finds a Russian passport. As Vladimir opens it... Vladimir is overwhelmed as Gregory continues... Vladimir hides his emotion by studying the passport. Finally he looks up. Gregory holds his hand, tenderly. Vladimir winces. Gregory pulls on his coat. He buttons his coat. Vladimir sits up and grins...  Gregory walks to the door...  Gregory looks stonily at Vladimir. *  Gregory leaves. *  A black carriage pulled by a black horse with black plumes  trots up to the side entrance of the church. Guests dressed  in black are waiting outside.  There are two Russian Orthodox Priests also standing in the  doorway, with orbs of burning incense that blows fast in the  crisp wind that also blows veils from faces.  Among the mourners we see many of the people who attended the  wake at the art gallery. Luda moves in closer to Gregory. *  She can’t stop herself from smiling. *  Luda hands Gregory a small envelope. * As the carriage approaches a black limousine also approaches from the other direction. It pulls up and a driver gets out and opens the rear door. Tashkar gets out. Tashkar glances across the street at Gregory. Gregory nods. Leon is quietly astonished. * Luda looks at the shocked reactions of the other mourners as * Tashkar crosses the street. The horse drawn carriage is The carriage arrives and the black horse halts in the church doorway. It blows steam into the air. We see Tashkar approaching through the refracted glass panels of the horse drawn hearse. Luda hears something in Gregory’s voice and reacts. Tashkar * appears around the black horse and approaches, flanked by two men. Luda still has time to say softly.... * Gregory’s face is made of stone as Tashkar arrives and holds out a gloved hand. As the other mourners look on, Gregory takes his hand and they shake. People react with some astonishment.  Gregory gestures to the Priests. One of them comes to escort  Tashkar toward a side door into the crypt. Tashkar and his  two bodyguards disappear into darkness.  Luda stares at Gregory and reads something in his face.... *  Gregory nods to the Funeral director, who unlocks the  carriage and swings open the double glass doors.  Candles burn and effigies flicker in the light. A single icon  stares down from the walls and we study it as a door opens,  shedding daylight.  The Priest enters and turns and beckons Tashkar inside.  He has prepared bread and salt and  A guard enters first, followed by Tashkar, followed by the *  second guard. The Church bells begin to ring, just as they *  did in Russia. As the second guard enters, the priest slams *  the door. *  Tashkar spins round... Two heavy looking ASSASSINS appear *  from the shadows. One of the assassins begins to pull out a *  length of strong silver masking tape... *  The Priest falls to his knees and prays before the icon, *  mumbling a prayer, keeping his back turned (knowing what was *  afoot). Inside the church the congregation are singing a *  Russian dirge. *  We come close to Gregory as the hymn ends. The Priests  complete their final prayers and swing their smoking orbs of  incense. Then silence as the coffin begins to roll toward the  furnace through black velvet curtains...  At first we are unsure where we are. We see the walls of a  steel box with gas pipe nozzles and jets, lit by the light  caused by the approaching coffin.  Then we see the coffin come to rest. Outside the congregation  begin to chant as the Priests pray. After a moment a pilot  light ignites and a blue/yellow flame burns.  In the pilot light we see Tashkar’s face and his body wrapped  in silver tape. A second then a third pilot light ignites and  we can see clearly the gas jets pointing in to the oven and  see that Tashkar has been bound and pushed into the oven and  Then the hiss of gas. Tashkar regains consciousness and opens  his eyes. He sees the coffin beside him and realizes. He lets  out a hoarse, splintered yell.  Then the gas jets ignite all at once and the oven becomes an  inferno..... AT  As the prayers continue, the congregation wonders whether  they can hear a blood curdling scream coming from beyond the  black curtains. Some look at each other, one or two cross  themselves in fear. Gregory stares ahead. Luda whispers... *  Leon and Gregory parks the car in Chinatown. They get out of *  the car and walk toward the Arcade. *  It’s a busy night. Gregory and Leon enter the place and walk *  toward the door marked ‘staff only’. Gregory walks on and *  Leon follows. *  Tony the young Chinese guy with dyed blond hair is pouring *  tea for Madam Lau. Her hand is in bandage. She looks up at *  Gregory as he enters. Tony looks scared. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 87.  Leon takes out a gun with silencer and shoots Madam Lau in *  the chest. *  Leon looks at Tony. Then looks at Gregory. Gregory nods and *  leaves. Two seconds after Leon follows. As he exits the door *  we see Tony lying on the floor. Dead. *  Leon stops in the middle of the arcade. He slowly removes the *  silencer from his gun. As soon as he’s 100% sure that Gregory *  is all the way out of the arcade, Leon raises his arm and *  shoots up in the ceiling 3 times. *  The before calm, but busy place suddenly changes into a place *  of fear and chaos. Everyone wants out! Panic occurs. People *  jumps for the street. Slowly Leon walks towards the exit. *  From his inside pocket Leon takes out a Molotov cocktail. *  Lights it and throws it into the arcade. In a matter of *  seconds the place is in flames. *  Leon and Gregory walk away from there. *  We find Monty walking quickly between graves, mopping his *  brow. We come close to the grave of Theophilius Carter, lit *  by moonlight. The teapot is waiting. Monty opens it, picks *  out an envelope and hurries away. *  Monty Dark returns to his office with the envelope. He tears *  it open and he reads. We see from his face that he is shocked *  and puzzled by what he reads. *  Suddenly a door to a back office is opened. Luda appears in *  the doorway. *  She comes to sit down opposite Monty in the stripes from the *  leaded window. She glances at the open envelope, snatches the *  message from the envelope and reads it. It is evidently what *  she expected. She puts it back on the desk. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 88. Monty glances at the sheet of paper. * Monty begins to tremble and wipes his brow. * Luda glances at the sheet of paper on the desk. * Monty grabs the note, screws it up and drops it in the bin. * Luda stands and peers at the Mad Hatter lithograph on the * wall. * Monty suddenly doesn’t like Luda. *  Monty shakes and then looks down to Luda who now just like *  her brother suddenly has the dead pan look of a killer. *  Luda smiles. *  Monty stops talking. As if he notices something in Luda’s *  personality he hasn't seen before. Could it be that this *  woman is even meaner and tougher than her brother? *  Suddenly he jumps up grabs a letter opener from the desk and *  tries to stab Luda. She ducks out the way and disarms him. *  The weapon is dropped and kicked out of the way. Now Monty *  tries to run out of his office, down the hall. *  Luda immediately jumps over, chases him down the hall and *  grabs him. They wrestle. Neither of them make a sound. Monty *  kicks and bites as Luda holds his legs. He kicks her off him *  and makes it to the bathroom. *  Monty starts throwing anything he can find at her, she fights *  him off, he grabs her and starts to throttle her. In his *  desperate frenzy he is too strong for her. She is starting to *  pass out. She clambers and reaches for something to stop him. *  It’s getting worse, she’s losing her strength. She reaches *  up, grasping for anything. *  From the sink she grabs a hair dryer. They struggle, bottles *  smash. Monty tightens his grip around her neck, choking her. *  Luda pulls the hair dryer to the floor and smacks him over *  the head a couple of times - he starts to loosen his grip. *  Luda takes advantage, manages to flip him and get her knee on *  his chest as he yells and grunts and struggles. *  With one hand she grabs Monty’s balls and squeezes. He yells, *  open mouthed. Luda pushes the hair dryer into his mouth, *  switches it on, blasting hot air at full speed. *  Monty gulps in agony as the scalding air fills his lungs. *  His chest expands and his eyes almost burst from his head. *  Luda turns up the dial, blasting more hot air. Monty is now *  almost unconscious, desperately trying to take oxygen into *  his burnt lungs. He tries to make a noise but can’t. He stops *  moving, his eyes stare. Blood trickles from his mouth. Luda *  stands and leaves the bathroom leaving the dead Mad Hatter on *  the white marble floor. *  Leon and Gregory parks the car in front of the Ritz. They get *  out of the car and walks fast inside. *  Gregory and Leon comes out of the elevator. *  Leon nods. *  Gregory continues down the hallway towards the royal suite. *  Gregory enters the suite. The Suite is silent. Gregory walks *  into the master bedroom finding Luda sitting on the bed. *  Close on Luda’s hands. They are shaking. She is in shock and *  stammering. *  Gregory looks at her. Walks to the bed and kneels down in *  front of her. He takes her hands. *  She buries her face in her hands. Gregory holds her. * They sit there for a while. Finally a gesture of family love * and support. She sobs. He calms her. * Gregory picks up his phone. Calls a number. * Leon enters the bedroom. Gregory lets go of Luda. Gregory * looks at Leon. * Luda looks at Gregory. Wipes her tears away. * Gregory looks at Luda. *  have to be there... Leon will look * Luda nods. * Gregory smiles. Looks around the Suite. * Luda smiles. * Gregory turns and walks out the bedroom. * Suddenly Luda stands and follows. * Gregory turns. Luda looks at him. Something about her has * changed. * Pause. * Then Gregory nods, speaks without hesitation. * Luda smiles. * A pause. *  Gregory leaves. *  Vladimir is asleep. By the bed his clock tells us that it is  4.58 AM. We hear a buzzer being rung and the front door  opened down the hall. Vladimir wakes slowly and reacts to a  sharp pain in his neck.  Gregory knocks and enters.  Gregory reaches into his pocket for an envelope...  ...he hands it to him. Vladimir looks deeply uncertain.  Vladimir looks inside.  Vladimir takes the passport and turns to the identity page.  He reacts with puzzlement and looks to Gregory.  Vladimir looks back sharply to the photo and stares at it...  He looks up to Gregory who checks his watch.  Vladimir looks away and we see he is fighting emotion.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94.  Vladimir looks back. This would be a joyous moment for  Vladimir if it weren’t for the suspicion that he is being  used. Gregory sees it. He takes the passport and puts it in  the envelope then puts it in Vladimir’s pocket. Then,  (remarkably), he hugs his brother.  He lets Vladimir go....  A pause. *  Vladimir takes a moment then chooses to believe that Gregory  is sincere.  The painting ‘In Summer’ is displayed on the auction gallery  easel and a room half filled with the proxies of wealthy  bidders are gathered, glued to their cell phones.  Standing near to the door we see Hunan. Across the room from  him we find Gregory. The female AUCTIONEER settles for what  will be an enormous sale.  The sad and perplexed lady stares out at the excited room.  The bidding is brisk. Hunan participates in the escalation  and Gregory checks his watch.  We see a blizzard blowing as a jet lands on the snowy tarmac.  Through snow we see the frontage of Moscow airport. Over this  An overnight flight from London has just landed and the  passengers are approaching Border Control. In the weary queue  we find Vladimir.  Vladimir arrives at the control desk and hands over his fake  passport. He grins. The Russian Border Patrol officer runs  the passport through his scanning machine. He then gestures  for Vladimir to place his fingers on the finger print  machine, which he does. There is a moment of tension. Then  the Border Officer hands Vladimir his passport back.  Vladimir takes it and walks...  Hunan flicks his program gently.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 96.  There is a gasp in the crowd. The figure is way above  expectation. Hunan is impassive.  There is spontaneous applause. Hunan and Gregory both slip  away through their respective oak panelled doors.  We see the excruciating care with which the painting is taken  and covered and sealed, the face of the lady being smothered  by tenderness. Gregory and Hunan meet in the shadows at the  back of the gallery. They speak softly as the painting is  wrapped and boxed.  sets eyes on the icon for the first  time.  Gregory nods gently.  a new Russia. She spends too long  among the stars.  A pause.  Gregory lights a cigarette.  Gregory blows smoke. Hunan studies him.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97.  Gregory answers immediately.  Hunan nods. The painting is delicately slipped into a crate.  A black SUV drives forward into shot.  We are at the same desolate, rural crossroads where Monty  left the envelope of photographs a few days ago. The SUV  pulls up abruptly. The door opens and Gregory gets out. *  He stands beside his car for a moment and then the red light  of a rifle sight plays on his face and across his dark  glasses.  Gregory is blindfolded, walking quickly down the corridor,  flanked by two bodyguards. The corridor is decorated with oil  paintings.  Gregory is led, still blindfolded, into a large bare room *  with no furniture. The heavy drape curtains are drawn but *  light filters in through gaps. *  Hunan is waiting by a window. He turns as Gregory enters. *  Let’s go. *  Vladimir emerges into the arrivals lounge where drivers wait *  with cards bearing the names of arriving passengers. We see a *  driver in a dark suit holding a card with the name ‘DIMITRI *  KALKOVICH’. *  Vladimir walks toward the guy with the card... but walks *  straight past him (he has forgotten for a moment that he has *  a new name). Vladimir disappears into the crowds... *  then he re-appears and greets the guy with the card with a *  bashful smile (he has remembered). *  The guy with the card hands Vladimir a set of car keys and *  whispers in his ear. Vladimir takes the keys and walks on. *  We study the inside of the car for a moment and sees a *  shoebox on the passenger seat. Then the locks all unlock at *  once. *  A few seconds later Vladimir gets into the car. He opens the *  shoebox and finds a pistol which he puts into his inside *  pocket. There is also an envelope which he half opens to *  reveal two train tickets. *  Vladimir puts the tickets and the envelope into his other *  pocket and fires the engine. He checks his look in the rear- *  view mirror then reverses away. *  Gregory, Hunan and the two bodyguards pass through a set of *  double doors after Hunan has punched in a key code. They all *  march through. *  They walk down the long corridor through shafts of light from *  high windows then reach a second double door. Hunan punches *  in the code and lets a bodyguard open the door. *  Vladimir pulls up outside the forbidding exterior of the *  Monastery, which also serves as a religious school. He checks *  an address on a scrap of paper then lets the address blow *  away. *  He walks up the blank wooden doors and pulls a chain that *  rings a bell. The Monastery is ancient but the modern city *  has crept up on it all around. Trucks rumble past. *  The wooden doors are pulled open and a Priest puts his head *  into the gap. Vladimir pulls out a piece of ID. *  The priest lets him in and Vladimir bows with exaggerated *  reverence. The Priest departs. Vladimir walks alone down the *  corridor. He checks a door and ducks down a dark corridor. *  Gregory is ushered into the drawing room. A big fire burns. *  Dubinsky is at the fireplace and turns. Hunan and the *  bodyguards stand close by. Hunan removes Gregory’s blindfold. *  Gregory and Dubinsky stare at each other. Their eyes meet in *  what appears to be genuine sympathy. Hunan turns to the other *  bodyguards and orders them in Russian... *  The other body guards depart and Hunan locks the door. *  Dubinsky approaches Gregory. *  Dubinsky stands a few feet away from Gregory. There is a *  battered red trunk by the fire and a cigarette case near to *  the table. Dubinsky nods a gentle greeting.  Gregory half smiles. Hunan reaches into a cabinet and brings *  out the Renoir which has just been purchased, already *  unpacked. Hunan tenses. Gregory very gently turns the *  painting over and picks apart some woven cloth at the back of *  He tears a small hole in the hessian and then removes the *  sacred icon. He handles it with reverence. *  A pause. Dubinsky dares to take the icon and stare at it. *  Hunan waits. He glances at a cigarette box beside the fire. *  Hunan is getting deeply nervous. He gestures at Gregory to *  do the work. Gregory is still staring at Dubinsky. *  Dubinsky turns sharply to him. In one move Gregory grabs the *  cigarette box and takes out a Glock pistol. Dubinsky reacts *  and turns sharply to Hunan. Gregory already has the pistol *  pointed at her head. *  Dubinsky lays the icon down and stares down on it. She *  breaths back tears. *  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 100. A pause. Gregory cocks the trigger. Hunan hisses... * Dubinsky turns and stares into Hunan’s eyes with burning * fury. * Then Gregory lowers the pistol. * A pause. He glances at the icon. * GREGORY.TO BE WRITTEN) * Hunan can stand it no longer. He pulls a gun and goes to * shoot Dubinsky. Gregory takes aim and shoots him dead. * There is a pulse of shock in the room. The icon is * unblinking. Dubinsky has closed her eyes but opens them. * Gregory puts his gun away. The locked door is now being * hammered at and the guards are yelling. * The door is being kicked hard. *  A gun is fired to break the lock. *  Finally the secure door flies open. Three body guards burst *  inside with guns raised. They see that Madam Dubinsky is *  alive and Hunan is dead. Gregory speaks evenly. *  Putin above his head. The Minister is put through. He sits up  straight and speaks with deep nervousness.  He listens to the response with a dark look before the call  is cut. He then quickly picks up the phone again and begins  to dial.  The RECEPTIONIST is at her station as she hears footsteps  coming up stone steps. She prepares. Vladimir is almost out  of breath. He heads towards the reception desk.  Vladimir grins. He approaches the desk and reaches into his  pocket.  He pulls out his pistol and points it. He then produces a  small photograph of Sacha.  In class a girl is reading English from a text book, mangling  the words...  Then the door flies open and the terrified receptionist  enters, followed by Vladimir, who has a gun drawn. He fires a  shot into a far wall.  Vladimir scans the class. From among the ducked heads,  Vladimir recognizes Sacha. Vladimir grins.  Sacha looks astonished. Vladimir knows there isn’t time so  strides up to Sacha and grabs his arm.  Sacha looks bewildered but Vladimir has no time to waste.  Vladimir is hurrying Sacha down the cloistered corridor.  Sacha reacts with astonishment.  Vladimir yanks open the door to the outside world...  He steps out into the yard and Sacha hesitates...  They both begin to run.  Vladimir and Sacha leap the fence and jump into Vladimir’s  car. He drives away fast. A few moments later three Priests  emerge from the school, two of them dialling on cellphones.  A few seconds later a black car pulls up at the school gates.  Two heavy looking men emerge and we guess they have come for  Sacha. They see the Priests outside and react.  The place is busy with travelers, just as it was when Gregory  passed through. Vladimir hurries Sacha toward a particular  platform. Vladimir is walking fast and Sacha is trotting  beside him.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 104.  Vladimir looks up at the departure board.  Sacha is still slightly dazed.  Vladimir keeps walking but turns to Sacha and grins...  Gregory is arriving at his SUV, still parked in the country  lane. He has the Renoir, which he places in the back. He gets  in, reverses and drives quickly away. As he drives, his  cellphone rings. He takes the call as he shifts into ‘drive’.  He drives away.  A large and plush sleeper train called the ‘Tolstoi’ is at  the buffers and passengers are hauling their luggage aboard.  Vladimir and Sacha arrive at the barrier where a uniformed  ticket inspector is checking tickets.  Vladimir hands him two tickets and the inspector studies  them. He asks in Russian,  Vladimir hands the inspector his passport. He then hands the  inspector Sacha’s passport. We glimpse a recent photograph of  Sacha.  The inspector looks up at Sacha to check his likeness. Sacha  shrinks a little. The inspector hands the passports back. The  ticket inspector watches them go with a little curiosity. In  the bright light of the platform, we see Vladimir and Sacha  boarding the train.  The house is in half light. Car headlights sweep the scene  and we hear a car door being closed. After a moment Gregory  enters. He doesn’t turn on the lights but pours himself a  vodka. Gregory sits down at a table and places his cellphone  on the table. We hear a train platform whistle blow.  The interior is smart and elegant and Vladimir and Sacha have  first class tickets. They sit at a dining table in silence as  a uniformed waiter pours Vladimir some wine. The lights of  the suburbs of Moscow glide by.AT  The waiter turns to Sacha.  The waiter pours Sacha some wine and Vladimir grins at him.  After the waiter has gone Vladimir raises his glass and Sacha  anxiously raises his glass too.  Vladimir swigs the wine. Sacha takes only a small sip of  wine. He peers at Vladimir.  Gregory is still sitting at the table, alone in his vigil. He  is smoking a cigarette. Time has passed. There are many more  butts in the ashtray. The bottle of vodka less full.  In shadows and the flash of passing lights we can just make  out Vladimir’s sleeping face on the top bunk inside the small  sleeper compartment. Sacha beneath him on the bottom bunk.  The train begins to brake sharply and the grind of the wheels  makes Vladimir’s eyes flicker open.  He sits up as the train begins to slow to a halt. He looks a  little dishevelled but he wipes his face with his hand and  gets off the bed. The space is cramped.  He reaches into his jacket and slips his pistol under the  thin mattress.  Outside the window we see the train platform as the train  slows down. We glimpse the border crossing between Russia and  Finland illuminated in bright white lights in the near  distance. Garish advertisements for cheap drinks and tobacco  slip by slowly. Train guards, police and Border Patrol stroll  around the platform. Vladimir gently wakes Sasha who rouses,  bleary eyed.  The train finally stops with a jerk and we hear whistles and  voices from the platform. Vladimir takes an envelope in his  hand and sits on Sasha’s bed. Sasha slowly sits up. Vladimir  whispers and begins to empty the envelope into his hand.  Vladimir hands Sacha the fake passport.  Sacha glances at his own photo beside a false name and  reacts. From the envelope Vladimir pulls out a leaflet  advertizing a circus in Helsinki. We glimpse pictures of  clowns and elephants... We can hear Border Patrol officers boarding the train and knocking doors further down the corridor. Sacha looks scared and whispers. Vladimir hushes him (we are finding that * Vladimir is good when he is in charge). Sacha can hardly speak he is so afraid. Vladimir nods and gives him an encouraging smile. There is a knock at the door. Two Russian Border police are in the Vladimir smiles and urges Sacha outside into the corridor. The police take their passports and begin to examine them. There is a long silence. The officer with Sacha’s passport looks up at him and Sacha almost withers. Sacha freezes and looks to Vladimir. Vladimir reaches into his pocket and produces the leaflet for the Helsinki circus. The Border Patrol officers glance at each other. The second one takes Sacha’s passport again and rubs his thumb over the picture.  A heartbeat.  Then the guard hands the passport back. It seems they are  convinced. Vladimir nods firmly, keeping his composure.  Sacha is still frozen in terror.  The police officers turn and step off the train. Sacha is  away. Then he speaks softly...  Sacha is still staring out at the platform. He watches as the  two police officers stop on the platform and begin to speak  to a guy in a brown raincoat who glances up in the direction  of the train.  The guy in the brown raincoat boards the train.  The train is beginning to slowly move on toward a short  tunnel which marks the Russian/Finnish border. Vladimir is  filled with delight and has his cellphone to his ear. Sacha  is still scared. Vladimir gets a reply on his phone and  hisses into it...  Gregory is at the table and has just picked up his phone.  He listens to Vladimir’s babbling voice for a few moments  then interrupts...  Vladimir is fizzing as he kneels up on the cramped seat and  peers out of the window...  The train is moving slowly...  Gregory speaks in a hoarse voice.  The train is just beginning to gather momentum and the tunnel  that marks the border is looming. Vladimir has the phone in  his hand and Sacha is staring at the door to the compartment.  Vladimir looks out of the window and speaks into the phone...  Ok the tunnel’s here, hold the  line...  The train enters the short tunnel and the compartment is in  uncertain light. Suddenly there is a gunshot and the lock on  the compartment door flies off in splinters. The door is then  pulled open. The guy in the brown raincoat is in the corridor  with his gun raised. He aims directly at Sacha...  Vladimir drops the phone and flies forwards. He takes the  bullet meant for Sacha in his chest but his momentum knocks  the assassin off his feet.  Vladimir lands on top of the assassin and using his brutal,  animal strength he begins to choke the life out of the him.  The assassin fires another bullet into Vladimir and he growls  like a bear. He pulls the gun away from the assassin and  shoots him once in the head. Blood splatters up the window of  The train emerges into bright daylight on the other side of  the tunnel in Finland. Vladimir takes a huge breath and rolls  off the body of the assassin. He has two huge bullet wounds  in his chest and his life is draining away fast.  He tries to speak but air escapes his lungs through his  bullet wounds. He stares up at Sacha for a long time and  finally manages to whisper...  The train is gathering speed. It is a bright and beautiful  day.  Vladimir dies a hero.  Sacha is staring with horror at the two bodies. He steps back  and the door to the compartment slides closed. Sacha almost  steps on the cellphone which Vladimir dropped when he leapt  to save Sacha’s life.  In horror Sacha bends down and picks up the phone. After a  long moment...he speaks into it...  Gregory is holding the phone to his ear tightly. He listens  to his son’s voice for a while. Finally...he speaks calmly...  waiting on the platform. Walk fast *  before they find the bodies. Stay  Morning light is just beginning to light the room. We stay  with Gregory’s face for a moment. He struggles to come to  terms with the loss of his brother. He fights the emotion  until he knows his son is safe.  Luda is waiting on the platform. The train is just pulling  into the station.  She waits and the doors begin to open. Sacha stumbles out of  a carriage with the phone in his hand.  He begins to walk quickly away from the train. He walks  through porters and passengers. Behind him a porter leaps  from the train and yells...  Sacha half turns then is suddenly grabbed...  Gregory has the phone to his ear and hears Luda saying the  name. He pushes the phone hard and deep to his ear as he  listens. We see tears being fought as he hears Luda and Sacha  collide.  Luda reacts as a guard and a policeman board the train fast.  Sacha still has the phone. Luda realises quickly that the *  station will be locked down soon. She grabs the phone from  Sacha and speaks fast...  Luda slows down, with Sacha holding her arm. The platform *  seems endless. *  As they approach the exit a uniformed cop steps in their  way... They look at them. Luda smiles. *  They let them pass. *  Gregory sits in his chair. Listening to his phone. *  The silence is almost unbearable. *  Luda and Sacha jump into a hired car that Luda left waiting. *  She is still on her cell. She fights tears. She starts the *  car and drives off. *  A pause as they share the silence. Luda looks at Sasha and *  begins to laugh and cry. She speaks into the phone. *  Gregory hears and we see he has swallowed all emotion. He  speaks softly.  A pause. He cuts the call. As the birds sing we are left with  Gregory sitting alone, staring ahead. Then he picks up the  phone and begins to dial.  The Interior Minister is being driven through the streets of  Moscow in a Government car. His cellphone rings. He checks  the number and looks puzzled. He takes the call...  Gregory is on his cellphone, staring ahead.  Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 113. Gregory peeks between net curtains at the grey London day... He goes to the coffee machine and pours himself a cup... Gregory talks on as if over-riding interruption. Gregory drops sugar lumps into his coffee with a steady hand. Gregory sips his coffee. A pause. We may believe Gregory’s desire for power has consumed him. His empire will grow. We study his soldier face. He cuts the call.