 Based on the novel A bird's eye view: A VILLAGE set in a clearing in the middle of impenetrable forest that stretches as far as we can see. We move closer, gaining details-- the surrounding patchwork of farmland. The high wooden fence, stark and foreboding. And into the town itself. Spare, spartan. Rows of simple houses leading into a central marketplace and the innermost hub-- the church. Like the nucleus of a cell. A tiny microcosm of civilization forged through sheer force of will out of unforgiving, untamed wilderness. In this world, heat and light come from fire. Water comes from a well. Food comes from the ground and the forest. And survival is a gift from God. We float, disembodied, through the empty town toward the church. It looms over us, ominous and imposing. A puritanical, frontier vibe. We come to a stop in front of the church, at the town's centerpiece: A giant leafless TREE made out of twisted metal. Where a WOMAN stands on a platform with a noose around her neck. She stands silent and still in a heavy shroud. Her head bowed. Neck bent unnaturally. Long hair hanging down, obscuring her face. We move closer... closer... And now we see-- BLOOD dripping from the Woman's hands. Dropping into puddles on the ground on either side of her. TIERNEY JAMES (16) jolts awake, gasping for breath. Her night dress damp with sweat. Her plaited hair in disarray. Tierney looks across the homespun quilt to her two younger sisters sharing the bed-- CLARA (14) and PENNY (12)-- both in identical night dresses and white-ribboned braids, sharing the same look of concern. Tierney tenses. Shivers. Magic... But she shakes it off. She slides out of bed, feet on the bare wooden floor. Pulls on her dress, starts to do up the buttons-- but her sisters are staring. Did she miss a button? Penny and Clara giggle. (O.S.) A door SLAMS. A sharp VOICE echos in. CORSET STRINGS tighten against Tierney's back as Clara YANKS them with all her might. Tierney sucks in her breath, holding onto the sewing table for support. Penny SCRUBS Tierney's calloused feet. We see the scar of a BRAND on the sole of one foot: three slashes in a rectangle. AUNT LINNY (severe and ruthless) DIGS the dirt out from under Tierney's fingernails with a file. Aunt Linny picks up a deep-blue raw-silk dress with river- clam pearls along the neckline. Tierney looks at the dress the way a convict eyes a noose. But she obediently raises her arms overhead... Aunt Linny surveys her handiwork. She just looks resigned, as if this is the latest in a long series of disappointments. She goes to the sewing box for A LONG, RED RIBBON. Vibrant. Daring. Almost vulgar compared to the girls' muted and modest clothing. A color of danger and sin and blood. Aunt Linny gently undoes the white ribbon from Tierney's braid and lets it fall to the floor. She takes her time tying the red ribbon in its place. A rite of passage. And as she works, we may notice-- half of her thumb is missing. An old, ugly wound. Penny leans in to Clara. Tierney studies herself in a full-length mirror. Pink cheeks, freshly scrubbed. Dark hair, perfectly coiffed. Pale skin, offset by the deep blue of the dress. Heaving chest, constricted by the corset. A reflection she doesn't recognize. She frowns, not sure what to make of this stranger in the mirror. The girls straighten up as-- their FATHER (ABE) walks in. He has a kind face, a strong frame, and a twinkle in his eye. He carries a heavy medical bag and a weary expression. Aunt Linny stands to the side. Eyes downcast, deferential. Penny and Clara sit with their legs tucked under them and their hands in their laps, prim and obedient. It's like the air goes out of the room. Everyone freezes. Aunt Linny looks like she's been slapped. But Abe waves it off. He gives Tierney a wink. Aunt Linny just huffs. Tierney can't leave fast enough. But as she reaches the door: Tierney stops short. Penny and Clara giggle. Abe holds Tierney's gaze. Aunt Linny gives a slight smirk, as if she's won some battle. Storming out of the sewing room as Aunt Linny's voice echoes: Striding through the modest house-- past stockings drying on the mantle... a basket full of unfinished knitting... herbs hanging in the windowsill... She grabs a cloak and bursts out the front door-- --toward the market and the looming steeple of the church. She passes women hanging laundry... Men loading a wagon... Little boys playing with sticks... Little girls cuddling corncob dolls. She feels all their eyes on her-- Her exposed chest and collarbone. Her bare calves and knees. The bright red ribbon in her hair. Tierney wraps the cloak around her, hiding her body. She quickens her pace, hurrying toward the crowded-- The heart of the town: a maze of open air stalls, and a cacophony of people. Bartering and gossiping. Hurrying through a list of chores. And now we notice-- so many women in this town are DISFIGURED in different ways. A faded scar... A hobbled walk... A patch over one eye... A missing ear... They all walk with stooped shoulders, bowed heads, eyes downcast. And they're all modestly dressed in muted colors, their hair braided back. With a few exceptions: We spot other red ribbons in the crowd. Teenage girls freshly primped in fancy dresses, escorted about like show cattle. The flashes of skin, vibrant colors, and adornments feel daring and extravagant, and even lewd. Tierney is so busy people watching that she forgets her own discomfort and lets her cloak fall open as she goes to the fruit stall to fetch a basket of berries. Tierney turns to see KIERSTEN (16), a porcelain beauty in a silk dress with strands of gold woven in her hair. Her full lips are as red as her ribbon. Her eyes are cold and cruel. She stands with two other girls, JENNA and JESSICA, planets orbiting the sun. Jessica and Jenna giggle. Tierney can feel her cheeks flush. And with that, Kiersten and her sycophants move on. Tierney trades a few coins for a basket of berries as the FRUIT VENDOR grins at her chest. He was clearly eavesdropping. Tierney just grits her teeth. She starts to turn away when-- A DOG growls at her feet. Scrawny and dirty and heavily muzzled. An animal that's had meanness beaten into it. And the Young Man holding the leash is TOMMY PEARSON. Tommy reaches out and runs a finger over the the tiny pearls near Tierney's collarbone. Enjoying her rage when she SMACKS his hand away. Tierney goes to smack him again, but people are watching. So she reigns in her temper, smooths her dress, glares. He leans in. Invading her space. Close enough to whisper: That's enough. Tierney's eyes flash. She pushes past him-- The crowded market no longer feels like a place she can hide. Everyone seems to be looking at her. Women frowning. Children whispering. Old men leering. Young boys laughing. She hurries away... through narrow alleys and back streets... until she reaches AN OLD MILL. Abandoned and falling apart. Singed and charred from some long-ago fire. Nothing but farmers' fields beyond it and-- in the distance-- the high wooden FENCE that separates the town from the surrounding forest. Tierney looks around to make sure no one is watching... INT. MILL - MOMENTS LATER Tierney slips inside-- All shadows and cobwebs and broken bits of machinery. The floorboards groan and creak beneath her feet. And suddenly-- A FIGURE grabs her from behind! Tierney WHIRLS around-- MICHAEL-- 16, grins at her, teasing. But when he takes in the full sight of her, all dressed up, his eyes go wide. Tierney sets down her berries and makes her way to a rotting ladder. She climbs up to a-- A musty, cramped space made cozy with rugs and cushions and candles and a bolt of tattered cloth covering the broken window. A secret hideaway. Michael pulls aside a rug to reveal-- a crude checkerboard pattern carved into the floor. Tierney pulls up a loose floorboard to retrieve a small box with little trinkets inside: a thimble, a spool, a button, a bullet etc. They position the trinkets on the board and we realize-- they're GAME PIECES. Michael moves his first piece on the board. Tierney moves next. Soon they're both deep in concentration... Or are they? Michael keeps stealing glances at her. Tierney moves a piece, removing one of Michael's. Michael studies the board, his expression inscrutable. Michael pauses. He was about to make a move, but now his hand freezes on a game piece... Michael's paralysis breaks. He captures one of Tierney's pieces and swats it aside, surprisingly hostile. But Tierney shoots him a look. Michael sits quietly. Thinking. He knows. Tierney tenses. This is dangerous territory. Tierney makes another move on the game board. Evasive. Michael doesn't respond. He reaches for a piece-- But Tierney grabs his hand. Commanding his attention. Michael looks at her. Serious, sincere. He wants to say more, but-- the CHURCH BELL begins to clang. Michael and Tierney trade a look. Their time is up. ON TIERNEY AND MICHAEL Walking back to the center of town. Tierney clutching the basket of berries in her arms. Michael looks around, ensuring they're alone. Tierney tenses. He's struck a nerve. She shoves him, but it's half-hearted. Her mind is suddenly elsewhere... Tierney's gaze is up ahead. Sound falls away as she fixates on the monstrosity in the center of town square: The very tree we saw the Woman hanging from in our opening. Its twisted metal branches adorned with BODY PARTS. Fingers. Toes. Ears. Braids of hair. Hanging like ornaments. Tierney stares at it-- transfixed. Remembering her dream. Tierney snaps out of it. She looks down to see-- Her hands are stained bright red. Just like the Woman in her dream. It takes her a moment to realize-- it's the berries. She was squeezing them. And now her dress is stained as well. Up ahead, women and girls are filing into the church. And here comes Aunt Linny, looking frantic. Michael gives Tierney's hand a squeeze. And now Aunt Linny is dragging her toward the church. All the women and girls of the town mill about the church. Knitting. Laughing. Gossiping. Complimenting dresses and admiring babies and comparing the length of their braids. Tierney stands among them, but apart. Alone in a crowd. When people look at her it's with pity or judgment, never a smile. She watches Kiersten, Jenna, and Jessica approach an awkward girl keeping to herself near the back wall. GERTRUDE. Kiersten toys with Gertrude's sleeve. Right on cue, Jessica and Jenna move in. Mocking her. Gertrude flushes. Cornered. Desperate to escape... Tierney looks away. Not her problem. And then-- A middle-aged woman comes rushing down from the bell tower. The women and girls rush to take their seats in the congregation. Tierney and the other red-ribboned girls form a line in the front of the church. A woman in the front pew stands, reading from a Bible as-- The doors OPEN... And KIERSTEN'S FATHER steps inside with a delicate veil in his hands. He walks up the aisle and places the veil on Kiersten's head like he is crowning a queen. Kiersten smiles angelically. The first veil. An honor. Jessica gets a veil... And Jenna... Tierney TUNES OUT the bible reader, watching the other girls. They light up with joy and relief as their fathers approach. Some cry. Some squeal. One girl almost faints. Eight veils given... Nine... Only five left to go. The other girls in line are getting restless. Nervous. Murmurs of surprise ripple through the crowd as Gertrude's Father approaches with a veil. Gertrude looks STUNNED as he places it on her head. And some of the girls near her look like they'd like to rip it off. Tierney's eyes wander over the other girls. Faces twisted in anger and jealousy. Tears streaming, dreams dashed, hearts broken. But she's so busy watching that she doesn't see-- Tierney looks. She blinks. There must be some mistake... Her Father is standing before her holding a veil. Before she can react, he places the veil on her head, lowering the lace over her face... Like she's looking through the bars of a cage. Tierney confronts her Father in the privacy of their home, where she can actually speak her mind. But Tierney is seeing red. Wild with fury. Pacing the floor. Her sisters watch her fury from the stairs. Abe grimaces. And now Tierney stops. She meets her Father's gaze. And it's not just fury in her eyes-- it's pain. It feels like her Father betrayed her. Abe reaches out to touch her, to comfort her-- but Tierney smacks his hand away. She turns and runs up the stairs-- --SLAMMING the door behind her. She RIPS off the veil and FLOPS onto the bed. Hating the world. Hating her life. And Tierney is still awake, with Clara and Penny sleeping next to her, when she hears HEAVY FOOTSTEPS stop outside her door. Her Father. She can see his shadow under the door crack. Lingering. As if he wants to come in, but doesn't dare. Then the heavy footsteps recede. And yet-- the SHADOW remains. What's this? Tierney creeps out of bed and opens the door to see-- His MEDICAL BAG. He left it here for her. An invitation. Tierney enters with the medical bag to find her Father waiting for her. He gestures for her to sit. She does. But she's still salty. Abe remains stoic. OFF TIERNEY: Still sulking, but she knows he's right. At that, her Father sighs. But he trails off, unable to continue. Tierney looks up sharply at the mention of her mother. A subject they rarely speak of. But since he brought it up... There's another question weighing on her. One she's never dared to voice before. Abe looks at her quizzically. Studying her. Weighing how to answer. But Tierney's voice trembles as she reveals her true fear: At that, Abe softens. Tierney nods. Though she's not exactly reassured. Tierney opens the medical bag. She reaches in... and removes a glass vial. She pulls out the cork, gives a small sniff. Abe grunts his approval. Tierney reaches in for another item-- a tiny dropper. Tierney blinks awake in bed to see-- Penny, staring at her. Across the bed, Clara wallops her with a pillow. Clara rolls her eyes, but Penny looks nervous as-- The bedroom door opens, and in comes Abe, carrying a tray laden with enough food for the entire family. He sets the tray on the bed. Penny and Clara eagerly reach-- Tierney dutifully begins to eat as she pulls on her clothes. No finery today-- thick wool stockings, heavy leather boots, a cotton chemise and linen smock. Traveling clothes. She slips a biscuit to Penny and Clara as-- Abe presents her with a hand-crafted HEAVY CLOAK. Tierney pulls it on, ignoring him. Tierney hugs the coat tightly around her. Her mother's... This really means something to her. Outside, the church bell CLANGS. Tierney freezes. But Abe picks up her veil. The church bell keeps CLANGING as Tierney and the other thirty-three girls stand in a line. Thirteen in veils. All with red ribbons in their hair. Tierney stands between Kiersten and Gertrude. The rest of the town gathers to watch the ceremony. When the bell stops, all eyes turn to the church. The doors open... A DRUM begins to beat. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. And the first of this year's eligible men exits the church: GEEZER FALLOW. A stooped old man in mourning attire, though he doesn't even try to hide his smile as he makes his way to the square to claim a new bride. Tierney tenses. Is it just her imagination, or is Geezer Fallow smiling at her? BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. Geezer Fallow gets closer... Oh god. He's heading right for her. His smile widens as he stops-- --in front of Gertrude. Murmurs of surprise ripple through the crowd. Gertrude looks stunned and horrified as he lifts her veil. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. The next boy arrives, nervous and sweaty. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. More boys follow. Lifting veils. Claiming their brides... BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. Here comes Tommy Pearson. He catches her eye and smiles cruelly. Heading right for her. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. Tierney looks out into the crowd-- to her Father. Silently pleading with him: Do something!! BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. Tommy Pearson comes to a stop-- --in front of Kiersten. Murmurs ripple through the crowd. Kiersten GASPS-- shocked, confused-- as Tommy lifts her veil. Tierney frowns. Not understanding what she's seeing... BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. And then a pair of freshly shined boots stop in front of her. Fingers lift the veil-- And it's Michael standing before her. Next to her, Tommy Pearson is pawing all over Kiersten. Up ahead, Mr. Welk raises his hands to the crowd. We recognize him; the man who sentenced Tierney's mother to die. Everyone quiets, attentive. Tierney quietly pleads with Michael... Tierney is frantic. Desperate. How to get through to him...? He leans in and kisses Tierney's cheek. And whispers: Up ahead, the gates LURCH open, revealing the impenetrable forest beyond. The crowd murmurs with mounting excitement. Michael, Tommy Pearson, and the other boys step back. For just a moment, Tierney locks eyes with Kiersten-- her face seething with silent hatred. But then-- Guards approach, flanking them, and the girls begin to walk. Tierney keeps her eyes on her family for as long as she can... Then she stares up at the high, pointed walls of the fence... And then she sees-- They stagger past slowly, single-file. Bone weary, emaciated, reeking with rot and disease. Their eyes glazed over. Hair matted, haphazardly shorn, red ribbons in tatters. Some with egregious wounds-- a dislocated shoulder, a festering wound, missing teeth. Up ahead, one of the girls in Tierney's line breaks ranks. She reaches out, but the returning girl turns her head, exposing a blood-crusted scab where her ear used to be, and just keeps walking. Oblivious. Another girl GRABS Tierney as she staggers past--  STAGGERING GIRL  The ghosts are watching... Don't  stray from the path-- But the girl behind her shoves her forward. Family members rush to greet the other returning girls. Hugging them, examining them, fussing over them. Shouts of joy, cries of relief. Until-- A frantic mother's voice rises over the commotion:  FRANTIC MOTHER  Ada...? Ada...?! Where is Ada?! The last of the returning girls passes Tierney, and behind her-- a Guard marches solemnly with half a dozen RED RIBBONS draped across his arm. Like the medals of fallen war heroes. The tenor of the crowd changes. Shouts of anguish, wails of grief. Tierney shivers. The danger of the forest is suddenly all too real... OOF! Kiersten YANKS Tierney's braid from behind, snapping her head back. She leans in, whispering in Tierney's ear-- Then she strides past, making her way to the head of the line. Jessica and Jenna follow, SHOVING Tierney as they pass. Tierney rubs her neck. Staring up at the trees whose branches snake overhead. Wondering what awaits her... The girls march. Single-file. Guards ahead of them and a wagon full of supplies behind. Following a narrow, worn path through the trees. The sounds of the forest echo around them. Branches reach for them like gnarled claws. And every now and then, they pass signs of violence-- Blood smeared against a tree trunk... A bird pecking at a severed finger discarded on the path... A bird pecking at something just off the path. Curious, Tierney takes a few steps off the path into the brush-- The bird flies off, revealing-- A SEVERED FINGER. Just then-- BRANCHES SNAP in the brush just ahead. Something watching her? Tierney HURRIES back to her place in line. The girls huddle around a fire as the guards prowl around them in an uneasy perimeter. Already a hierarchy is forming-- Kiersten, Jenna, and Jessica hold court around the flames. The other veiled girls sit with them, enjoying the fire, while the unveiled girls shiver together behind them. Only one other girl sits apart, isolated and alone. Her veil only making her more of an outcast: Gertrude. Tierney perches on a stump, keeping one eye on the forest. And she's not the only one. They're all on edge, watching the woods, jumping at shadows. Tierney perks. Listening in. Absorbing as much as she can... Now Kiersten speaks up. Her voice calm and assured. The other girls consider this. Jessica looks around to make sure the guards aren't listening. Then she leans in, speaking low, testing the waters. The other girls brighten, an illicit thrill rippling through them. Many of them are curious, even excited. But they've had to keep that to themselves-- until now. A wiry girl, DENA, grins conspiratorially: Another girl, HELEN, spreads her arms wide. MEG runs her fingers over the fire. Another girl, TAMMY, pipes up with a sneer. Everyone goes quiet. It's the elephant in the room. The unspoken tension that has finally been voiced aloud. But Kiersten just laughs. Calm and cool. The girls all titter at that. And Kiersten's minions quickly change the subject. She presses her hands into her abdomen just below her navel. The other girls murmur, intrigued. Behind them, a Guard COUGHS uncomfortably. Eavesdropping. Kiersten considers. Playing up the drama. So the other girls are hanging on every word. Then, almost casually: Someone SNORTS. It's Gertrude. Kiersten looks up sharply. But rather than confront Gertrude directly... She turns to the girl next to her-- BETSY, plain, and slight, and fragile. Betsy shrinks in the sudden spotlight. Kiersten smiles sweetly. Betsy flushes. The other girls gasp at the scandal. Kiersten leans in. Her sweet smile turning cold. Betsy looks stricken. The other girls laugh openly. Her eyes fill with tears. She gets up and BOLTS for the woods... The Guards react-- --but they make no move to follow. She's on her own. Kiersten looks at Tierney across the fire. Still smiling. Another kind of fire burning in her eyes. Tierney looks away. No one speaks. They stare out into the forest with baited breath. Even the Guards. A GUTTURAL ROAR cuts through the night. Everyone flinches. Then another ROAR sounds out. And another. And another. Coming from all directions. A call and response, like a pack of wild dogs. The Ghosts. And then comes the SCREAMING. Screams of terror. And pain. The Guards tense. Closing their ranks around the fire. No one's laughing now. Even Kiersten's smile is gone. Some girls start to cry. They all wince with every new scream. The girls walk. Veils leading the pack, the unveiled following behind. Tierney observes them quietly: HANNAH uses a walking stick, hobbling painfully. VIVIAN picks berries from nearby bushes. Laura stops now and then to pick up large rocks. She slips them into her pockets and continues on. Gertrude walks alone, as usual. Also observing. And Kiersten moves from one cluster of girls to another, whispering. The girls all turn back abruptly, looking at Tierney. Are they talking about her?? Gertrude notices it, too. She falls back to Tierney. Tierney regards Gertrude. The gloves hiding her hands. Gertrude looks at her. Eyes haunted. About to answer... Suddenly, Gertrude TRIPS on a root. She stumbles, almost falls, but Tierney catches her. And when they look up-- Up ahead, Kiersten is LOOKING AT THEM. A little smile on her face. As if she made it happen. Gertrude clams up. She moves ahead, leaving Tierney alone. LATER The girls and their guards reach a lake. Four canoes waiting on the shore. The girls climb in, squeezing together, as the Guards unload the supply wagon. Laura stops to dig a large, heavy stone out of the wet earth. She hides it under her cloak, already sagging and heavy with rocks. Tierney watches. Curious. What is she doing...? The Guards begin to paddle. Kiersten reaches over the side of the adjacent boat and skims her fingers along the water... Tierney keeps her eyes on Laura-- two rows in front, staring straight ahead. The canoes reach the middle of the lake. Laura slowly turns her head... For a brief moment, she looks at Tierney. And then she drops over the side of the canoe. The other girls scream. The Guards scramble. The Tall Guard DIVES into the water after her-- The Tall Guard comes up sputtering. Empty-handed. The Short Guard helps him back into the boat. They both look spooked. The Tall Guard shivers, soaked to the bone. In the next boat, Kiersten pulls her hand from the water. The other girls gape. Did she do that?? The girls walk, a new wagon carting their supplies behind them. The lake is just a distant glimmer. Tierney stares out into the forest, mind wandering... Suddenly, in the distance she sees-- A FIGURE, vaguely human, cloaked in a dark shroud. Standing perfectly still. Watching them. Tierney stops short. The girl behind her KNOCKS into her--  GIRL BEHIND HER When Tierney looks up again-- the Figure is gone. She starts walking again. Puzzled. Scanning the woods... but whatever it was, it's gone. If it was ever there at all. Up ahead, the guards stop. The girls gather behind them. Tierney approaches to see-- A TOWERING WOODEN GATE Adorned with hundreds of red ribbons. Some tattered and faded. Some a crisp, deep crimson. A tribute to the many girls who didn't survive their Grace Year. And a warning-- that the hardest part is yet to come. The guards pull open the gate. The girls just look at them. Scared and unsure. Finally-- Kiersten strides in, ready to take charge. Tierney and the other girls trickle in after her... A massive open plot of land. A primitive lodge house at one end. Two small shacks at the other end. An old stone well in the center and one lone tree. A pile of smoldering ashes scattered beneath it. An axe resting against the fence. The girls gape in shock. Disbelief. Horror. For the next year, this is home. One girl, HANNAH, nudges the pile of ashes with her foot. Hannah looks at the lone tree. Forty-six notches carved into its trunk. One of them fresh. But Tierney has noticed something else. Something RED in the dirt. Little drops-- of blood. Another drop splashes down, staining the dirt. It's just like her dream... Helen suddenly GASPS. She points up at the gnarled limbs of the tree. The other girls follow her gaze. And now we see: The tree branches are adorned with BODY PARTS. The other girls back away, but Kiersten steps forward. The other girls murmur in agreement. They've never been alone like this before... And we can see it in her face-- the rush of power. Something SLAMS behind them. The girls all whirl around to see-- the GATE is closed. The Guards are gone. They're on their own. --THE PRIVY, smeared with festering filth and buzzing flies. --THE LARDER, dank and empty save for a small sack of spoiled grain. --THE WELL, slimy green algae clinging to the stones, the rope, the bucket. --THE LODGE HOUSE, dark and ominous... The doors creak open to reveal-- twenty iron beds set up with putrid mattresses. The rest piled up in a corner. The room reeks of rot and decay. Vivian pokes at one of the mattresses in disgust. Tierney looks around-- waiting for someone to propose a solution. But the other girls just look lost and helpless. Kiersten struts over to the side with the mattressed beds and sits down on the center bed like it's a throne. The veiled girls quickly scramble to join her. Only Tierney and Gertrude stand back with the others. They're used to being outcasts. It's a test. Battle lines being drawn. Kiersten and the veiled girls watch from across the room... ...as Tierney, Gertrude, and the unveiled girls work together to take down the stack of bed frames. The girls all sit around a fire. Kiersten holds court over the veiled girls. The others have separated into smaller groups. Suddenly-- A high-pitched SHRIEK pierces the night air. From somewhere out in the forest. The girls all freeze. Shaken. Thrilled. Tierney looks like she wants to say something... but she holds her tongue. Jessica nods sagely. Now Meg pipes up, eager to contribute. Another SHRIEK echoes out. Some girls jolt, others tremble, one of them starts to cry. They're terrified. And Tierney can't keep quiet any longer. All eyes turn to her. Hannah pipes up timidly. Tierney shrugs. Uncomfortable in the spotlight. The girls smile. But Kiersten just sneers. The other girls giggle, but there's a moment of tension. Tierney can feel them eyeing her. Another SHRIEK-- but the girls don't seem to mind. They're talking, settling in, enjoying this taste of freedom... Until Kiersten suddenly pulls the red ribbon out of her hair and shakes her braids free. Her long hair spills down over her shoulders in waves, glowing in the firelight. The other girls gasp. Scandalized. Thrilled. The other girls look at each other. She has a point. Rachel eagerly reaches for her own ribbon... but Kiersten GRABS her wrist. Hard. The other girls titter with excitement and Kiersten basks in the attention. Pleased to have the spotlight back. Tierney touches her own braid wistfully.  This is how it starts. Tierney turns; it was Gertrude who spoke, talking to herself. Gertrude just stares into the fire. Tierney watches the other girls. Unsettled... We float toward the church, the Punishment Tree, where the HANGED WOMAN is waiting. She stands on the platform with the noose around her broken neck. Head bowed. Hair hanging in her face. Shroud billowing around her. Blood drips from her hands, pooling on the ground below. And then suddenly-- Her head JERKS UP. Her mouth twists into a SNARL. And she LUNGES off the platform right at us-- Tierney gasps awake. She looks around-- did anyone notice? No. Everyone seems to be sleeping. But the gray light of dawn is seeping through the cracks in the rough-hewn walls... She shivers. Her breath PUFFS in little clouds in front of her face. It's cold. Tierney slips out of bed, pulls on her mother's heavy coat. Time to work. THWACK! Tierney heaves the axe to split a tree branch. A stack of logs piled nearby. She's alone, isolated, at the far end of the Encampment. The white noise of the forest a deafening buzz all around her. She pauses to wipe her brow, when-- Something CRUNCHES on the other side of the high fence that separates the camp from the outside world. Tierney freezes. All her senses attuned. She tightens her grip on the axe and slinks forward... careful to make no sound... toward a KNOTHOLE in the fence. Slowly... cautiously... she presses her eye to the hole... MOVEMENT FLASHES BY-- Tierney stumbles backwards. She clutches the axe to her. Adrenaline pumping... Ready to strike... But all she hears are the sounds of the forest. Was that a ghost?? LATER Tierney carries firewood toward the center of camp. She comes around the privy to see Jessica and Jenna pushing their way through a line of girls to the front of the well, grabbing the algae-covered bucket from Martha. That's when-- Gertrude comes storming out of the lodge house. Trembling with anger and humiliation. For the first time, we see Gertrude's BARE HANDS-- the thick, rope-like scars across her knuckles. The result of a brutal beating. The girls snicker. Murmurs of Dirty Gertie ripple through the crowd. Jenna and Jessica just smirk. Jessica and Jenna drink their fill, shove the bucket back to Martha, and stride off to find Kiersten. Martha sips some water, makes a face. Tierney hesitates. Weighing her options... and finally-- Nearby, Lucy and Helen perk up, shy but interested. Gertrude approaches as well. Desperate to be included, to put this latest humiliation behind her. The other girls look at Tierney-- is she really going to include this outcast? But Tierney just nods. SERIES OF SHOTS Tierney and the other girls get to work: --CHOPPING wood into planks. --SIFTING through the ashes at the base of the Punishment Tree to find stray nails. --RIPPING into their skirts to remove the boning. --SHARPENING knives on a smooth stone. --STACKING firewood into piles. --STANDING BACK to admire-- their first rain barrel. They smile at each other, feeling accomplished. They built this thing. And they did it together. Tierney and her new friends return to the center of camp, exhausted and dirty from a hard day's work, to find: The other girls are holding hands in a circle around-- DENA, standing naked, with Kiersten at her side. Dena shivers. Cold, nervous. Feeling everyone's eyes on her. She squirms as Kiersten presses a palm into her abdomen. Dena clenches her eyes shut, takes a few deep breaths. Dena gets down on all fours. Dena lifts her head. Eyes straining toward the forest. Suddenly-- A HOWL comes from the woods. Everyone jumps. But Dena looks the most surprised of all. Kiersten gives Dena's braid a painful YANK. Tierney watches, spellbound. Is this what it's like? Coming into your magic? Dena digs her fingernails into the earth and HOWLS back. Stretching her neck. Straining for the magic within her. She keeps howling until her cheeks are flushed and streaked with tears. Finally-- Kiersten PULLS the red ribbon from her braid, letting her hair fall wild and loose around her. Dena stands up, rising like a woman reborn. She takes Kiersten's hand. The circle parts to let them through and they walk toward the lodge house together. The other girls watch. Awed and envious... Again, Tierney wakes before the others. Again, she quietly slips out. The axe rests near another pile of split logs as-- Tierney is on the ground on all fours. Hands pressing into the earth. Eyes closed. Imitating Dena. But finally... her eyes open, defeated. Nothing. Four rain barrels are now situated around the Encampment, along with two big wash tubs by the well. There's even a covered area for cooking. Tierney and her friends have been busy. Tierney and her friends take turns chopping wood. The puffs of their breath visible even in the mid-day sun. Tierney tests the icy mud with her boot, frowns. Winter won't be long. She passes the axe to Martha, who starts chopping. She passes the axe to Helen, who is gazing up at the trees... Helen turns, as if in a dream. She looks down at the axe in her hands, like she doesn't know how it got there. Tierney looks up at the trees, wondering what had Helen so entranced. For a moment, the leaves seem to RIPPLE and PULSE. But then she blinks, and the effect is gone. Just an illusion... or something more? Tierney and friends stagger to the nightly bonfire. Blistered, sweaty, exhausted. Meanwhile: Tammy sways in the breeze, lost in a reverie. Hannah holds up a withered flower. With great ceremony, Kiersten unties the red ribbons from Tammy and Hannah's braids. They shake their hair loose as the other girls rejoice around them. Suddenly, Meg swipes her hand through the flames. Meg looks at Kiersten for approval. The other girls buzz. Meg tries again. This time she HOLDS her hand in the flames. That gets Tierney's attention. Meg watches as the skin of her hand starts to BUBBLE. The other girls watch too. No one tries to intervene. Tierney GRABS Meg and PULLS her away. Gertrude rushes to help. But no one else moves. Meg looks up at Tierney. Her eyes are HUGE AND BLACK. She starts to LAUGH. And all the other girls start laughing, too. Everyone except Kiersten, who watches Tierney closely. Tierney flops into bed, exhausted, as-- A handful of unveiled girls drag their beds over to Kiersten's side of the room. The divide is growing... Tierney leans in to Gertrude. Whispering in the dark. But Tierney stares into the darkness, anxious and unsure. Tierney flinches in her sleep. Her arms twitching. She gasps awake to find-- ANTS crawling over her arm. She FLINGS the covers off-- Her entire body is covered with ants. She flails. Scratching at her skin. She LEAPS out of bed-- And suddenly the ants are gone. She turns to inspect her bed-- Nothing there. She tries to calm down, catch her breath. What was that? Then a thought occurs to her. She peers through the dim light over to KIERSTEN'S BED... It's empty. Tierney whirls around. Sensing someone watching her... Tierney is at the well, splashing cold water on her face. But when she looks up, she sees-- The RAIN BARRELS, that she and her friends worked so hard to make, have all been SMASHED. Tierney blinks. It can't be. Surely this is a vision, too. Tammy passes by. Loose hair tangled and matted. Eyes black. Tierney, Gertrude, Lucy, Helen, and Martha stare down at one of the smashed barrels. Exhausted and demoralized. But Lucy has had enough. She goes to join Kiersten's group. Helen and Martha stare after her longingly. Tierney sits alone in the trees by the far fence, trying to reassemble the rain barrel on her own. Gertrude approaches with a cup of water. But Gertrude's look says it all: they're not coming. Tierney takes the cup, and she can't help staring at Gertrude's HANDS-- the scars across her knuckles. Tierney hesitates. Sheepish. Gertrude looks nervous. But she sighs. Resigned. Tierney's breath hitches with shock. Gertrude shrugs sadly. As if she's asked herself the same thing many times. She looks at Tierney; open, vulnerable. Off Tierney: realizing Gertrude feels that way about Kiersten. And then realizing-- she has never felt that way about anyone. Yet another thing that's wrong with her. And Gertrude can see it on her face; Tierney doesn't understand. So she puts her guard back up. Tierney frowns. Taking Gertrude's warning to heart. Tierney is still working on the barrel. But she seems to be zoning out. Her concentration drifting. Her gaze travels to the rough wood in her hands... The deep ridges PULSE with energy to the rhythm of her heartbeat. Tierney marvels. She runs her hand over the wood, and it seems to WHISPER. She lifts it up, pressing it to her ear... Tierney drops the wood and whirls around-- Kiersten is sitting on a nearby tree stump. She runs her hands over the fur of Tierney's discarded coat. Admiring it. Kiersten lifts her hands with a little smile. No harm done. Tierney doesn't answer. She doesn't believe it. Tierney winces. That's exactly what she's been wondering. Kiersten moves toward her. Gentle and calm, like a friend. Tierney reacts, shaken. Could that be true? Kiersten leans in close. And now all trace of her gentle sweetness is gone. Replaced with cold, cruel contempt. And Tierney recoils. The spell is broken. The trees seem to PULSE with energy. She squeezes her eyes shut. But when she opens them again, they're still PULSING. OFF TIERNEY: The trees are pressing in on her. Bending, pulsing to the beat of her heart. Her head is spinning... But Kiersten just laughs. Suddenly Kiersten looks lost. Sad. Intensely vulnerable. Tierney closes her eyes. And when she opens them, finally, mercifully, the vision is gone. The trees are just trees. She sighs. Exasperated... and exhausted. Kiersten shrugs. Suit yourself. She picks up the axe and walks away. In the distance, thunder RUMBLES in gathering storm clouds. A warning... Tierney is drinking from the well when-- she sees Kiersten cornering Gertrude against the larder. Tierney hurries over-- but Kiersten gives Gertrude a pointed look and strides away. Gertrude can't quite meet Tierney's eyes. Gertrude looks away, toward the larger group of girls. And now Tierney connects the dots. Realizing... And just like that, Gertrude walks away. Tierney is alone in the trees at the back of the Encampment. Down on all fours, naked this time, her hands and knees pressed into the cold ground. Gritting her teeth. Squeezing her eyes. Clenching every muscle in her body. Willing her magic to come... She feels a pinch. And another. She opens her eyes-- SPIDERS are crawling all over her! She shrieks-- leaps up-- smacking them off her-- And just as suddenly, the spiders are gone. Tierney sinks to the ground. What is happening to her?? Heavy storm clouds block out the sun as Tierney returns to the center of camp with an armful of firewood... To find all the girls huddled around the front fence. Kiersten is speaking to someone near the gate, impossible to see who from the back of the crowd. Tierney pushes her way to the front-- it's Helen. Looking timid and unsure as Kiersten strokes her hair like a child. Helen looks at Tierney, her eyes glassy and dazed. The other girls push Tierney back. Physically blocking her from the front. Tierney scans the crowd for an ally. Helen beams as Kiersten places a veil on her head. Kiersten gestures to Jenna and Jessica, who haul open the gate. The forest stretches out before them, wild and dark. The other girls step back. Kiersten nudges Helen forward. Thunder RUMBLES. Lightning CRACKS. And Helen TAKES OFF-- The other girls let down their guard and Tierney shoves her way forward-- through the crowd-- through the gate-- into She stops, realizing what she's done. The trees loom over her. The wind whips her. The noises of the forest echo... For a moment, Tierney is frozen in fear. But she gathers her courage and races down the path... She spots Helen up ahead, the veil trailing behind her. Helen stops. She turns back, panicked. A LIGHTNING STRIKE blinds them. When their vision clears-- A FIGURE emerges from the thicket of trees behind Helen. Wrapped in a dark, gauzy shroud. A GHOST. At first Tierney is too stunned to react. Totally paralyzed. Helen frowns. With growing dread she turns around-- The Ghost's shroud-covered arms SNAP HER NECK like a twig. Helen crumples to the ground. Dead. And the Ghost lets out a ROAR that echoes into the trees... Then another ROAR bellows out of the brush. And another. And another. Coming from all directions. They're everywhere. That breaks Tierney's paralysis. She turns and flees, but-- THE GIRLS ARE CLOSING THE GATE. But the gate SLAMS shut. She POUNDS on the gate as her heartbeat POUNDS in her ears. But it's no use. Behind her, the Ghost is fast approaching-- Tierney LEAPS up onto the gate-- Grabbing the dead girls' ribbons, PULLING her way up... DIGGING her fingernails into the splintery wood... CLAWING and KICKING until she TOPPLES over the edge-- --and lands hard on the ground. She made it. She's safe. But then Kiersten is pressing the axe against her throat. Kiersten lifts the axe. She looks at the other girls now. Tierney watches, helpless, as the girls react. Averting their eyes. Stepping back. Turning away. She is an outcast. Friendless and alone. And with the next cascade of thunder, the clouds open up and SNOW begins to fall... Icicles hang from the trees. Snow blankets the ground. The covered area has been torn down. The wash tubs Tierney and her friends built are all destroyed, their remnants lying in useless piles as a reminder to all. Tierney staggers through the camp, haggard and gaunt. Her eyes are black and haunted. Her coat is matted and filthy. No one speaks to her. No one looks at her. She might as well be invisible. Until-- She goes to the well for a drink... THUD! A stone lands at her feet. THUD! Another stone hits her in the back. THUD! Another stone hits her in the forehead, drawing blood. Six girls hurl stones at her mercilessly, until she has no choice but to retreat. Tierney wanders aimlessly in the safety of the trees. Staring vacantly as the branches pulse and the trunks swirl and the light dances between them. Lost in a haze... The girls line up for supper. Almost all of them wear their hair long and loose. Tammy scoops a thin stew into their bowls one by one. Tierney takes her place at the end of the line. When it's her turn, Tammy scrapes the bottom of the kettle for the last scoop of stew... And pours it onto the ground. Tierney drops to her hands and knees to eat off the ground-- But Katie digs her boot into the slop, SQUISHING Tierney's fingers in the process. Tierney walks through the lodge house. Now ALL THE BEDFRAMES are on Kiersten's side. All except one. Hers. She goes to her bed-- but the mattress is gone, and the frame has been FLIPPED upside down. A message. Tierney has no energy to fight. She curls up on the floor... The door creaks open. Footsteps coming near. Tierney TENSES. Like an animal playing dead. Waiting... There's a soft TAP on the floor behind her back. And then the footsteps quickly retreat. When the door creaks closed, Tierney rolls over to find-- A POTATO. Smaller than her fist. She sinks her teeth into it... Desperate for sustenance... It takes every last bit of willpower to tuck half away in her pocket for later. She pulls her coat over her and drifts off to sleep... ...until a KICK FROM A BOOT jolts her awake. Kiersten and her posse are standing over her. Their eyes black, their expressions a mix of dreamy and deranged. A dozen girls pin her to the floor. Hands invading her-- Jenna pulls the other half of the potato from her coat. Tierney's head is swimming. Kiersten smiles. Tierney kicks and thrashes and screams as a mob of girls drag her from the lodge house to The Punishment Tree. They haul her up against it. Pinning her to it. And she has no strength to fight them. Hannah skips over with a rusty clamp. Kiersten grabs Tierney's face, squeezing her cheeks. Tierney struggles against her... They all turn to see Gertrude stepping forward.  She's starving. But Kiersten is looking at Gertrude. Her face inscrutable. Gertrude shirks back, eyes pleading. The crowd of girls reacts-- horrified, outraged, gleeful. Gertrude grabs Tierney's arm. Trying to lead her away. But suddenly Gertrude's head JERKS back. She cries out. Falls to her knees. Blood pooling down her back as-- Kiersten clenches Gertrude's braid in her fist. A bloody patch of scalp at one end, the red ribbon at the other. In her other hand she holds the axe. The other girls are stunned. Even Kiersten looks shocked. But we watch her expression change as she decides to own it-- to embrace it. She raises the bloody braid with glee. Tierney is horrified. She can barely whisper-- Kiersten ignores her. Drunk with power. Manic with energy. Tierney backs away. Tierney staggers back. But the girls are surrounding her... The trees pressing down from above... the high walls of the fence closing in... There is nowhere to run. Dozens of hands are PUSHING her, SHOVING her, HERDING her toward the gate. Dozens of faces SMILING and SCOWLING. The hands RIP at her, TEARING at her clothes, trying to PRY the coat away. Tierney clings to it desperately-- But then Kiersten is blocking her path, raising the axe. A HUSH falls over the girls. They drop their hands. Step back. Their black eyes wide with surprise and fear. Even Kiersten falls back. She looks at Tierney with a low, nervous laugh... And then they're all laughing. Tierney follows their gaze... TO THE AXE EMBEDDED BETWEEN HER SHOULDER AND HER CHEST. Her hands tremble as they reach for the handle. She YANKS-- The girls laugh harder. Tierney tugs and tugs until finally-- she pulls the axe out. And a TORRENT OF BLOOD comes gushing with it. The girls laugh harder. Doubling over. Tears streaming. Birds start to caw, a mocking sound. The trees seem to shake, as if they're laughing, too. And Tierney-- RUNS. Still gripping the axe. Past the girls. Out the gates. Into the forest. The laughter echoing behind her... ON TIERNEY Staggering through the woods, a trail of blood behind her. The ground sways under her feet. The trees seem to reach for her. Shadows dancing all around... Her vision blurs around the edges. The axe sags in her arms. She's ready to collapse. When-- One of the shadows STEPS into the path behind her. A FIGURE hidden by a shroud. A Ghost. But Tierney keeps going. Lumbering toward-- THE LAKE. Frozen over with ice. The moon shines down, creating a perfect reflection on its surface. Tierney pauses at the bank. Unsure. But THE GHOST is coming toward her. A faceless angel of death. Tierney steps out onto the ice. Testing the weight... It holds! She takes another step. Another. Another... CRAAAAAACK. She freezes. Slowly, she turns to the shore... THE GHOST has followed her onto the ice. Reaching for her... The wind whips her. The moonlight glints off the deep black of her eyes. She looks completely unhinged. With the last of her strength she raises the axe. Blood trickles down the handle, pooling on the ice at her feet... Tierney heaves the axe down into the ice. The CRAAAAAAACK echoes all around her, and then suddenly She PLUNGES down into the frigid water-- And everything goes  DARK. A FRANTIC GASP OF BREATH AS-- IMAGES flash across the screen: --A bonfire climbing into the night. --A serrated blade tearing through Tierney's clothes. --A circle of women, dancing with arms outstretched. --Strips of cloth tying down Tierney's arms and legs. --Smiling, laughing, faces in the firelight. --A hot iron searing into Tierney's shoulder flesh. --The Woman, hanging from the Punishment Tree. But it's not blood dripping from her hands. It's tiny RED FLOWER PETALS. They spill onto the ground where twin patches of red flowers are growing... Gradually comes into focus: Long strips of sinewy meat hanging from hooks. Tanned hides drying on a rack. An assortment of knives and tools on a rough table. A fire crackling in a hearth. Tierney tries to sit up, only to find-- Her arms and legs are restrained. She starts to panic-- MOVEMENT in the corner as-- the SHROUDED FIGURE approaches. Tierney reacts. Twisting and writhing in vain-- The Figure grabs her face. Squeezes her cheeks to open her mouth. Tilts a cup to her lips. And now Tierney sees-- EYES staring down at her from a gap in the shroud. Dark and piercing. As if they are staring into her very soul. Tierney is so surprised that she chokes on the liquid. She coughs and sputters-- But her vision blurs, and her eyes flutter closed... Tierney wakes. The room is quiet and still. The fire has gone out. She turns her head, looking around. No sign of The Figure with the dark eyes. Suddenly-- A ROAR sounds in the distance. Followed by a chorus of ROARS answering it, echoing from all directions. The Ghosts. She struggles against the restraint holding her good arm down. Twisting, yanking, rubbing her skin raw. Bleeding onto the bed. Gritting her teeth. Blinking back tears. But the more she struggles, the tighter the restraint pulls. No use. She thinks... looks around. There's a table on the other side of her, but she can't see what's on it. Her fingers are just close enough they might be able to grasp the table leg-- but it's her bad arm. Can she do it? She wiggles her fingers. They barely graze the table leg. She stretches her arm out... pushing through the pain... Until she has a firm grip on the table leg. She takes a few quick, deep breaths. Steeling herself... She YANKS. The wound in her shoulder RIPS-- she CRIES OUT-- her arm goes LIMP-- but the table TIPS toward her, its contents sliding onto her bed... A glass vial of liquid. A roll of gauze. And-- A BLADE. She twists her torso and pulls the pelts covering her with her teeth, maneuvering the blade over to the other side of the bed. The fingers of her good hand reach... stretch... Got it. She positions the blade to slice through the hide. Sawing... Sweating... Eyes on the door... Until finally-- the hide tears enough that her hand slips free. Success! She rolls over and cuts through the restraint binding her bad arm, still limp and useless at her side. No matter. She sits up, pulls back the pelts, and cuts through the strips binding her legs. She's free--! SOUNDS come from outside the room. Oh shit. The Figure is returning. And the table is overturned and there's blood on the bed and severed restraints. What to do...? Tierney acts fast. She THROWS HERSELF off the bed, landing in a contorted heap on the floor. Face hidden. Perfectly still. Playing dead. TIERNEY'S POV: We HEAR the Figure coming toward her. The Figure grabs her by the shoulders. Rolls her over... NOW. Tierney PLUNGES the blade into the shroud-- And it STICKS. Sliding into thick, solid flesh. Tierney reacts, stunned-- The Figure cries out-- staggers back-- And Tierney sees her chance. She SCRAMBLES to her feet... Her weak legs buckle under her. But she picks herself up. Her left arm hanging limply, dead weight. She scrambles for the doorway-- a thick hide, sunlight shining behind it. Behind her, The Figure calls out-- And to our surprise, the Figure's voice is low, guttural. It's the voice of a YOUNG MAN. But Tierney ignores his warning. She LUNGES through-- INTO NOTHING BUT AIR. Oh shit. This room is in a-- She loses her balance. Teetering toward the ground-- The Young Man GRABS her by her bad arm, JOLTING her to a stop. She SCREAMS in agony-- Tierney dangles over the edge. A forty foot drop to the snow-covered ground. Wind biting into her bare skin.  YOUNG MAN (cont'd) The Young Man grips her from above, leaning over the edge of the narrow platform on which this room-- A HUNTING BLIND -- has been built. Tierney reaches up. The Young Man grasps her good wrist and pulls her up. Back into the-- They lay gasping on the floor. Tierney curled in the fetal position. The Young Man clutching the wound in his abdomen. Both of them reeling, for different reasons: Suddenly her face contorts as something trickles down her arm. A thick, oozing pus tinged with blood-- She looks down at the WOUND in her shoulder-- gaping open, maggots squirming in rotted, gangrenous flesh. The room seems to LURCH. Tierney's eyes roll back... She wakes up, back in bed. Her shoulder freshly bandaged. The Young Man is sitting at her side. She RECOILS as he presses his wrist to her forehead. The Young Man lifts a cup to her lips. She drinks greedily-- until he pulls the cup away. He doesn't answer. Suddenly-- Tierney lurches over and VOMITS over the side of the bed. Her vision blurs. His voice as flat and cold. As if to say, I don't care. Tierney's eyelids start to flutter. But he doesn't answer. And she succumbs to sleep... A chorus of echoing ROARS startles Tierney awake. She sits up... winces. Her shoulder is throbbing. Across the room, the Young Man stirring a pot over the fire. Tierney considers. Eyeing whatever's cooking in that pot. But he tosses a sack of walnuts onto her bed instead. Tierney picks one up. The nut rattles inside the shell. He comes over and places a steel nutcracker in her bad hand. Tierney tries to use the cracker, but... Tierney fumes. Famished and frustrated. But she keeps trying... And finally-- the nut cracks open. She scoops out the meat and wolfs it down. Then onto the next nut... The Young Man bristles. He looks up sharply. And with that, he turns his back to her once more. Tierney blinks awake from a fitful sleep to see The Young Man tending the fire, his back to her. And for the first time, we're really SEEING him: His shroud is off, his body illuminated in the firelight-- Lean muscle coiling under bare skin etched with scars. His hair is dark and thick. His face sharp, angular. Tierney watches. Motionless beneath the fur pelts. Taking in the sight of him with quiet awe. Absolutely riveted. He turns abruptly. She sees a FLASH of dark eyes-- but she squeezes her eyes shut, feigning sleep. Did he see her...?! When she finally dares to look again... He's back to tending the fire. But now his shroud is on. Hidden beneath his shroud, the Young Man dresses Tierney's wound. His movements are gruff, cursory. Still no answer. Not a conversationalist, this guy. Oops; he drops the cloth. Tierney reaches for it-- --but her sudden movement startles him. He jolts away. She holds the cloth out to him. He eyes her warily. But finally, he yanks the cloth out of her grasp-- And as he does, she GRABS his shroud with her good hand, getting a fistful of fabric. But he digs his fingers into her wound. She HOWLS with pain, releasing her grip. Writhing on the table. And by the time she can see past the pain, he's gone. It's full dark when he finally returns. Tierney is practicing with the nutcracker, sitting by a fire. They regard each other for a moment. Wary. The Young Man considers. And finally, reluctantly... He sits down, still careful to keep his distance. OFF TIERNEY: both relieved to be talking and terrified of what he might say. But the not-knowing is worse, so: Tierney reels. Trying to process. Her voice trembling: As they go, Tierney's fear turns into anger, and their conversation takes on a RAPID FIRE feel: Oh. They stare each other down. A silent stand off. But this time, the Young Man doesn't answer. He gets up, crosses the room-- Tierney wakes to find the Young Man draping pelts over a fishing line strung across the room-- a makeshift curtain to hide a small metal tub filled with steaming water. Tierney almost dives off the table. Yes. She starts to strip off her chemise-- then pauses. Suddenly very aware that she will be taking off her clothes with an audience. But the Young Man is busying himself across the room. Keeping his back turned. Tierney quickly undresses and slides into the water. She can't help herself. It feels like heaven. Tierney peeks through the pelts, watching him. Curious and energized by the illicit thrill of what she's doing. Under the shroud, she can see his body tense. She's gotten under his skin. And there's a part of her that feels smug. Fine. She massages the tea tree oil into her hair... And then a new thought occurs, and her smugness vanishes. She doesn't expect an answer, of course... She looks over at him, surprised. And as she sinks down into the water... she smiles. The Young Man leans over Tierney to change her bandages. Tierney can't believe it. He's initiating conversation? Is it her imagination, or does the Young Man suddenly tense? Tierney flushes as he dabs her wound with witch hazel. His touch is surprisingly gentle... They fall into silence. He reaches to wrap her new bandages, and his shroud raises-- exposing small, tight stitches on the side of his abdomen. The spot where she stabbed him. Tierney reaches out and skims her thumb over it. The Young Man inhales sharply. But he doesn't pull away. Tierney can feel his eyes on her. She meets his gaze. Their faces so close, with only the gauze of the shroud between them. An electricity in the air... He's still holding her hand. They let their fingers intertwine. Marveling at the feel of this unexpected touch... It's just like Gertrude once said-- like they've been drawn together by some invisible force. Magnets... But suddenly-- SOUNDS come from outside. Boots trudging through heavy snow. The clink of bone chimes. Tierney freezes. Fear flashes in the Young Man's eyes. The Young Man (RYKER) puts a finger to his lips. Quiet. He pulls off his shroud and exits through the flap of hide. Tierney slips out of bed and grabs a blade from a far table. She crouches low in the corner. Adrenaline pumping. Tierney reacts: Sixteen?! There's a pause in the conversation. Tierney tenses... The footsteps retreat. Ryker comes back inside... But he STOPS when he sees Tierney crouching in the corner with a blade. He goes perfectly still. Like a deer. His protective shroud all the way across the room... Ryker raises his hands. A gesture of surrender. But Tierney doesn't move. She grips the blade. There's another blade on the table next to him, but he doesn't go for it. He keeps his hands raised. But he looks away. He can't meet her gaze. Liar. Ryker's jaw flexes. Some inner conflict brewing. And now he does look at her. Steady and unwavering. It feels like a punch in the gut. Like the air has been ripped from her lungs. The blade trembles in her hand. She looks at him-- standing there, open and honest, with all his secrets laid bare. Without his shroud he seems exposed, vulnerable. And the way he makes her feel is undeniable. Tierney considers. Can she really trust him...? And finally-- she makes a decision. She puts the blade down, slides it across the floor. Truce. Birds chirping. Trees budding with flowers. New growth on the forest floor. And TWO FIGURES in heavy shrouds tramp through the undergrowth, cresting a high ridge. Only their eyes are visible, and we recognize them instantly: Ryker... and Tierney. She's traded her veil for a shroud. His hand brushes the small of her back. An intimate gesture, but casual. A sign of their new comfort around each other. He crouches down low at the top of the ridge. Leaning over the edge to see what's below. Tierney follows suit, peering over the edge to see what's below-- Thatched cottages nestled in a clearing. Strings of herbs and freshly tanned hides and simple linen garments hanging to dry in the sun. Children running wild between the trees. And women. Chopping wood, doing wash, tending gardens, using tools. So many women... and not a man in sight. And Tierney is in awe. She's never seen anything like it. Ryker darkens. But Tierney doesn't notice. She's focused on something else: The clearing is dotted with tiny RED FLOWERS. And there's something about them that seems so familiar... But suddenly-- below them, a young woman comes into view. There's something biting in his voice. As if on cue, a middle-aged man emerges from one of the houses, buckling his belt and adjusting his coat. Tierney gazes. Fascinated. Horrified. Unable to look away... But it's too much for Tierney. Her stomach lurches. She staggers to her feet and hurries down the hill. Tearing off her shroud moments before-- She vomits into the underbrush. She needs... water... Ryker's footsteps crunch behind her. But the RUSH of a stream echoes out from somewhere nearby. She follows the sound... ...and kneels down at a small brook. She cups her hands in the water and lifts them to her lips to drink-- When Ryker suddenly SMACKS her hands away. He points-- the rocks in the stream are covered with ALGAE, a green so bright it almost seems to glow. He's holding her shroud in his hands, and now he thrusts it at her. Looking around, anxious. But Tierney picks up one of the algae-covered rocks. Studying it up close. Something so familiar about it... Off Tierney: a dawning, dreadful realization... Tierney paces the algae rock, more distraught than ever. But Ryker shakes his head. Ryker doesn't answer. But Ryker shakes his head. He won't believe it. He can't. Tierney looks at him. The truth suddenly seems so obvious. She looks at Ryker. Her entire body clenched in fury. But Ryker is shaking his head. Refusing to believe it. His face twists with anguish, his stomach turns... ...and he lurches for the door. Gone. Tierney sits by the fire. Wrapped in a pelt. Staring into the flames. Lost in thought. Her entire world has been dismantled. She is alone and in shock. Feeling helpless and foolish and furious. She's reached her lowest point. And then-- Slowly, deliberately, her hand goes to her hair. She pulls the red ribbon from her braid and shakes her hair loose... Letting it fall down her back... Running her fingers through it... Feeling the weight of it... An act of defiance. An act of freedom. She tosses the red ribbon into the fire and watches it burn. LATER The flames have turned to embers when Ryker finally returns. At first, he can't even look at her. The look in his eyes is pure misery as he turns to her, desperate for absolution. But when he sees her-- he gasps. Tierney looks at him, steady and calm. In the dying firelight, with her back rigid and her eyes fierce and her hair cascading around her, Tierney has never looked more powerful. Or more beautiful. And Ryker is frozen in place. Staring at her. But Ryker doesn't move. The air between them is laced with an electric charge. Tierney rises. The pelts slip off her, revealing her BARE SKIN underneath. She goes to him-- eyes locked on his. Entirely naked and entirely unashamed. She moves toward him-- like some invisible force is drawing them together, and there's nothing they can do to fight it. She lifts his shroud the way Michael once lifted her veil. Claiming him. Tierney runs her hands over the scar she gave him, up his torso, across his chest... She leans into him, cupping his jaw, pulling his face to hers... They kiss. Long and deep and tender. His arms wrap around her. Skimming over her back. Tangling in her hair. They melt into each other like they've spent their entire lives missing a piece and now finally-- they are whole. But it's more than just desire that's driving them. This is an act of rebellion. Of revolution. They sink down into the pelts, and the rest of the world disappears. For this precious moment in time, there is nothing but the HEAT of their breath and the RUSH of their blood and the BEATING of their hearts... LATER Tierney and Ryker lie together under the pelts. He looks at her now with a new expression. Admiration. Awe. And just like that, his smile fades. Ryker frowns. He can't. He is just as unmoored as she is. Ryker traces the long, jagged scar across her clavicle. Tierney considers. A future entirely of her own making... Ryker waits for her to elaborate. And then he realizes... But Tierney won't be swayed. She's made up her mind. Tierney gets up and takes a blade from a nearby table. Tierney wears a Poacher's shroud as she navigates through the trees, alone. Making her way to-- The high walls of the Grace Year Encampment. Looming over her like some eerie fortress. No telling what awaits inside. She tests the walls for weaknesses, making her way around to the back... There. One of the fence posts is rotted. Tierney gives it a KICK-- her foot goes right through. An opening. With a little grunt work, she pries away just enough of the fence to squeeze through... She hesitates. Glancing back toward Ryker's hunting blind. It's not too late. She could just turn back, walk away, wash her hands of the whole thing. It would be so easy... But instead, she slips inside... Hiding among the trees, Tierney removes her shroud, folds it up, and stuffs it in her dress. She looks around. Takes a deep breath. And clutches Ryker's blade, discreetly in one hand. Here goes nothing... ON TIERNEY She strides into the heart of the camp. Tense. Alert. Ready for a fight. But completely unprepared for what she finds... Now that she's clear-headed and healthy, whatever magical veneer we once saw this place through is gone: The place is a wreck. Pots and kettles piled next to the fire, rotting food curdling at the bottom. Empty jars and cans strewn about. Rats and roaches scuttling underfoot. The limbs of the Punishment Tree hang heavy with new body parts and braids. One girl stands next to a branch stroking the long braid that used to be attached to her head. Most girls pass her by without a second glance, looking right through her with glassy eyes. Like zombies lurching through some post-apocalyptic wasteland. Dena staggers over to her, covered in dirt and grime. Dena reaches up... --Tierney's grip tightens around her blade-- ...Dena simply scratches her head, pulling out a clump of hair in the process. Then she simply staggers away. Tierney shudders. She moves on. Walking slowly, deliberately. Trying not to draw attention. She opens the door to the-- --and the STENCH of decay and disease knocks her back. Girls like on cots, filthy and emaciated, barely breathing. Some babble, eyes open, lost in a world of their own making. Tierney searches their faces... Suddenly a HAND GRABS her ankle from under a bed. Tierney SCREAMS-- SLASHING at the air with the blade-- But the girl peeks out from under the bed. It's HANNAH, with a puckered SCAR where one eye used to be. Hannah grins maniacally. Hannah's body shakes. Is she laughing or crying? Maybe both. Tierney backs away, uneasy. Feeling an increasing sense of urgency and dread... She hurries out of the lodge house-- --heading for the larder. Moving fast, no concern for who might see her. She pries the door open... And a SWARM OF FLIES comes pouring out. But she pushes through them to find-- INT. LARDER - CONTINUOUS Gertrude is laying on a cot piled high with ratty blankets. A bucket of bile on the floor beside her. Tierney rushes to her. Lifting her up. But Gertrude RETCHES into the bucket on the floor. She's bone thin, her skin gray. The WOUND where Kiersten scalped her is gooey and festering. It's a miracle she's even alive. Tierney gently presses the swollen flesh around the wound. Tierney grimaces. She doesn't remember. Tierney stiffens. She pulls a blanket over Gertrude and stands up. Gertrude whimpers, but reassures her. Tierney emerges from the larder. Every muscle tensed. Blade bared for all to see. And there she is: Kiersten. Her skin sallow, her cheeks sunken, her hair matted, her eyes completely black. Clutching the rusty axe. Girls buzzing around her like flies. Not some all-powerful mage, but still-- no less of a threat. And yet, she has lost her spark, her fire. Her tone is flat, emotionless; her gaze unfocused. She doesn't even seem to notice Tierney's blade. The effects of prolonged poisoning. And Tierney realizes-- Kiersten doesn't remember either. Tierney reaches for the axe... But Kiersten pulls back. Other girls close in. Sensing a confrontation. Tierney thinks on her feet... How to diffuse this...? Kiersten's eyes narrow. Suspicious. Tierney looks at these girls. Starving, sick, completely untethered from reality. No idea what they're capable of. There are so many of them. She is overpowered, surrounded. Her paltry blade looks ridiculous. No way she can win this fight. What was she thinking? This was such a mistake-- But that's when one of the other girls pipes up: That's it. Tierney starts to form a new plan... Maybe she can't outmatch them, but she can still outwit them. The girls murmur among themselves. Looking to Kiersten for guidance. Kiersten herself seems to be plotting. Finally-- Tierney, wearing her shroud, carries a bucket of water toward the Encampment. She's about to reach the main gate-- When ANOTHER POACHER emerges from the trees up ahead. We recognize his voice. It's the Poacher who came to check on Ryker that day. Anders. Tierney freezes. Heart pounding in her ears. Using every ounce of willpower not to break into a run. He's coming toward her now. What is she going to do?? Tierney thinks fast... She raises a finger to her lips. Shhh. And she points down at the ground-- Tracks. Footprints leading from the Encampment down to the lake. Fresh. Because they're hers. Anders perks. He pulls out a blade. Tierney gestures: Around the side. Anders nods. He slinks back into the trees, following the tracks. Tierney stays frozen, listening to the sound of his footsteps receding... CRUNCH... CRUNCH... CRUNCH... And when the sound fades out, she RUNS for the gate. She stays there for a moment. Leaning against the gate until her heart stops racing, her hands stop shaking. That was close. She takes off the shroud, folds it up, and knocks on the gate... The girls let her in, wide-eyed. Kiersten inspects the water. Tierney dutifully takes a sip of water. Kiersten glares; but she doesn't push back. The girls CLOSE IN, eager to drink-- but Tierney stops them. The girls quickly form a line, eager to please the ghosts. Tierney helps them each take a sip. But she also keeps a close eye on Kiersten-- who is watching from the sidelines, pacing like a tiger in a cage... Tierney spreads clay over Gertrude's scalp to heal it. Gertrude takes a deep breath. As if this is something she has been holding in for a long time. Gertrude relaxes. She can sense it; this time, Tierney truly does understand. Gertrude starts drifting off to sleep... Tierney gets up, tucks the blankets tightly around Gertrude. In her shroud, Tierney climbs up into Ryker's hunting blind. She pulls off the shroud and Ryker is waiting with open arms. She sinks into him. Physically and emotionally exhausted. Letting the horrors of the day wash over her. She nuzzles into him. Nowhere she'd rather be. As Tierney takes control of the Encampment... --Near the Punishment Tree, Tierney doles out stew. She gestures for the girls to form a line, and they meekly obey. --At the well, Tierney cuts the rope and drops the bucket down into the well. No more poison water. The other girls watch, murmuring angrily. But they don't try to stop her. --In the larder, Tierney organizes the food that hasn't spoiled. Two other girls enter, volunteering to help. --In the lodge house, Tierney supervises a dozen girls as they beat mattresses, sweep away the filth, and rearrange the beds into uniform rows. --Around the campfire, the other girls settle around Tierney, orbiting her like the sun. Only Kiersten continues to keep her distance. Watching, waiting to strike. --By the gates, Tierney brings fresh berries from the forest. The girls flock to her, excited. Kiersten approaches and pops a berry into her mouth with a little smirk. Now that she's getting healthy, her spark is back. Which makes her more dangerous than ever. --And back in the hunting blind, Tierney stretches out in front of the fire with Ryker as night settles in... Ryker stands on the platform, feeling the night air as a breeze rustles the tree leaves. When he comes inside... ...Tierney is rummaging, filling a pack with supplies. His face falls. He knew this moment would come. Ryker nods. Pained, but resigned. Tierney nods. Energized and overwhelmed... and guilty. Ryker hears the tension in her voice, and the unspoken question beneath her words: Will you be alright? He goes to her, wraps her in his arms. Tierney leans into him. Feeling safe and secure and loved. And here in this moment-- she makes a decision. Ryker studies her. Tierney doesn't hesitate. She knows what she wants, and she's not afraid to ask for it. Ryker reaches under the bed and pulls out-- his own pack and bedroll. Ready to go. They wrap their arms around each other. Holding each other. Tierney cleans and dresses Gertrude's wound. The infection is almost gone. She keeps one eye on the open door-- outside, the sun is just beginning to set. Her hands are trembling. Gertrude notices. This is serious. Gertrude looks surprised... and then solemn. She understands. Tierney nods. Fighting tears. And to her surprise-- Gertrude HUGS her. And Tierney hugs her right back. They stay that way, locked in an embrace. The sky is a brilliant orange as the girls sit around the campfire eating their evening meal. The girls are noticeably different. Stronger, clear-eyed. They perk at A RUSTLING in the forest beyond the fence. Hannah tilts her empty eye socket toward the sound. But Tierney is distant, distracted. Gertrude gently nudges her-- and she realizes everyone is waiting for her to answer. But that's when Jenna pipes up. Tierney frowns. Finally Tierney has had enough. She has them rapt. She takes a deep breath. This is it: The other girls give a collective gasp. What Tierney's saying is blasphemy. But she keeps going. She pulls an algae-covered rock from her coat pocket and tosses it into the center of the circle for all to see. The girls begin to murmur with unease. And now Tierney reveals-- the SHROUD she carries with her. Gertrude's face twists with revulsion. Shock. Horror. And she's not alone. Tierney's words are hitting home. Until-- Kiersten stands up. No more lying in wait. She's finally making her move. Kiersten gets up and strides toward the gate. The other girls quickly follow. She yanks open the gate and steps over the threshold into the forest. Kiersten keeps going. Gaining confidence with every stride. Jenna and Jessica tentatively step over the threshold... When a FIGURE appears steps out of the brush up ahead. A POACHER. Anders. The other girls freeze. They rush back into the Encampment. But Kiersten just laughs. Kiersten takes another step forward. As if taunting him. Anders stands there, considering. Then he draws a knife. And strides toward her. Tierney pushes her way to the front. Kiersten's smile begins to waver, but she stands her ground. But Anders keeps coming. And TWO MORE POACHERS emerge from the brush, flanking him. Kiersten turns to look back at the Encampment-- a glimmer of real FEAR in her eyes. But-- Other girls SHRIEK as TWO MORE POACHERS emerge from around the sides of the Encampment. Forming a circle. Knives drawn. But they keep closing in. And we watch Kiersten's face as-- Realization finally washes over her. And with it... terror. But the other girls are frozen in fear. Tierney spies THE AXE near the door. She grabs it and CHARGES out SWINGING-- The Poachers hesitate. Giving her a wide berth. Allowing her to catch up with Kiersten-- Before they close ranks again. Now Tierney is trapped in the middle too. Kiersten looks at her, trembling. Tierney raises the axe. Bracing for a fight. For a moment, she LOCKS EYES with one of the Poachers in the circle. It's Ryker-- looking frantic and terrified. What are they supposed to do now?? Slowly, calmly, Ryker steps into the circle. The Poachers pause. Taking this in. For a moment, it seems like they might actually stand down... And then ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE. A Poacher LUNGES at Tierney-- his blade slices into Tierney's heavy COAT and-- THWACK! Ryker strikes-- burying his blade in the Poacher's back. The Poacher stumbles forward, gurgling blood. Anders and the others gape at Ryker with shock. Ryker turns to Tierney-- a hundred emotions stirring in those dark eyes. Too late. Anders and the Poachers turn on Ryker. Swarming him. He draws a pair of blades to meet their attack... But the odds are against him. The Poachers' blades flash and Ryker disappears from view. Swallowed up by their shrouds. Kiersten cowers behind Tierney and her axe as Tierney howls-- But they don't stop. Not until it's over. The Poachers step away. There's blood on their blades, blood on their shrouds, and Ryker's body broken on the ground. The Poachers stagger back. Dazed. One of them pulls off his shroud and VOMITS on the ground. And with his face revealed we see-- he's just a boy. Then they all remove their shrouds. Facing the terrible truth of what they've done... But then Anders's face twists into a SNEER. Pointing his bloody blade at Tierney and Kiersten. Kiersten huddles against Tierney, who stares back at Anders defiantly. Clearly just two scared, defenseless girls. And finally-- one of the other Poachers forces his arm down. But the other Poachers lead him away. Slinking back into the forest in shame. And Tierney leads Kiersten back to... Jenna and Jessica rush to Kiersten, who is a sniveling, trembling mess. Utterly broken. Tierney is in shock. Her ears RING, her vision BLURS. Everything is a haze... She drops the axe. Feeling lost and alone and utterly hopeless. Everything has gone so terribly wrong... The other girls stand there in stunned silence. Their entire worldview has just been shattered. Ghosts aren't real. Magic isn't real. Everything they've been taught is a lie. Where can they possibly go from here...? Tierney looks down at the long GASH in her heavy winter coat. A blow that surely would have killed her. She touches the hole-- and frowns. Feeling something unexpected... A SEED. She rolls it between her fingers. A memory forming-- And that's when Tierney realizes-- ALL THE GIRLS are looking at her. Desperate for guidance. For a leader. And we see the shifting expression on Tierney's face: Resignation. That she will never escape and start over with a new life. And then... Resolve. Tierney sloughs off her coat. She grabs the torn fabric in the side and RIPS-- DOZENS OF SEEDS spill out onto the earth. Tierney stands tall. Strong. Determined. Confident. A crisp wind moves through the trees, rustling leaves. Trees are covered in vibrant red-orange leaves. We push in on the Encampment... And it is a world transformed. An elaborate IRRIGATION SYSTEM of tree bark pipes channels fresh water into the camp. There's a new wash station with VEILS used as netting. A covered area for cooking. The well has been boarded over, the word POISON scorched into the planks for good measure. Trees in the back of the camp have been cut and cleared to make room for a massive garden. Pumpkins. Tomatoes. Celery. Carrots. Potatoes. Peas. In the lodge house, the beds are set in a circle with clean sheets and newly sewn-and-stuffed mattresses. And THE GIRLS themselves are healthy and strong-- and hard at work. Cleaning the privy. Organizing the larder. Washing clothes and picking vegetables and cooking a feast. They work hand in hand, side by side, helping each other as they go. Even Kiersten is hard at work. Tierney carefully places a folded piece of paper just so on a shelf. It looks like a note. Then she closes the cupboard door and makes her way out... Tierney stands there, taking it all in. We see that she's still wearing her (mended) coat, despite the heat. Gertrude approaches. Her hair has started growing back, covering the scar from her wound.  cord of firewood stacked next to the  lodge house. I'd say we've set the  next girls up for success. Gertrude follows her gaze over to... The Punishment Tree. THWACK! Hannah drives the axe deep into the base of the Punishment Tree. Then she pries the axe free and turns to-- A line of girls each waiting for their turn. THWACK! One by one, the girls each take a swing. THWACK! Channeling all their sadness and rage and guilt. THWACK! Braids, toes, fingers, teeth rattling until-- THWACK! The Punishment Tree falls to the ground. The gnarled limbs of the Punishment Tree burn in the bonfire. The girls gather around the flames. Their hair flowing. Their bare feet against soft grass. Happy. Harmonious. Free. Snug in her coat, Tierney smiles to herself. And for just a moment, the scene TRANSFORMS INTO-- TIERNEY'S VISION The crackling flames of a BONFIRE in the middle of a forest. WOMEN dancing around it, all wild hair and billowing dresses and twisting arms... But Tierney shakes her head, and the vision fades as-- Gertrude approaches, standing beside her. Gertrude looks at Tierney now. Fighting tears. Tierney holds her gaze. Just as pointed. Gertrude sniffs. Quietly contemplative. Tierney gazes out at the scene before them. Gertrude smiles, imagining. It's a nice thought. Even though they both know it's not that simple. They watching the flames together. And across the fire... Kiersten is watching them. Her expression inscrutable. We PAN UP to the night sky, filled with stars... And before our eyes the night turns to... DAWN. The Tall and Short Guards trudge to the Encampment's gate. They start to knock, but-- The gate swings open wide, and the girls file out: One at a time. Hair braided. Clothes clean. Shoes polished. Eyes downcast. Lips sealed. The guards trade a look, surprised. This is... unusual. They do a head count. The girls climb into the waiting canoes. They disperse among the four boats... so much room between them this time. Tierney, bundled in her coat, sweats under the sun. The Short Guard notices. Tierney doesn't answer. She hugs her mother's coat tighter around her. Bulkier than usual. The girls walk. Following the well-worn path. Tierney is sweating profusely now. Breath heaving as she stumbles along. A panic attack...? She pauses to catch her breath-- But a guard roughly shoves her forward. She almost falls, but Gertrude is there to steady her. She keeps staggering along. One foot in front of the other. Until they reach-- Looming up ahead. This is it. The church bell tolls, announcing their return. The gates open and funnel out in a prim little line, all dressed up like dolls. They stare, wide-eyed, as they pass Tierney and her group. Fearful and naive and not at all prepared for what awaits them. Without warning, Tierney REACHES OUT to one of the new girls and GRASPS her arm. The girl GASPS, tries to recoil-- But Tierney holds her fast. But then the Guards are on her, forcing her back in line. The new girl keeps going, shaken. And Tierney falls back in line as they pass through the gate into-- They head for the square. The whole town has gathered. Everyone is waiting to see which girls made it. Families cheer with relief or wail with disappointment. Tierney spots her family in the crowd. Penny. Clara. Her father. But she can't bring herself to smile at them. The men and boys who offered a veil stand in a row in the center of the square, each holding a black ribbon. Tierney and the girls line up to face them... And Tierney finds herself face to face with MICHAEL. He looks so earnest. And hopeful. And relieved. Beside her, Gertrude scans the crowd, confused. Indeed, there is an empty space across from her. They see Mr. Welk approaching. He stops in front of Gertrude. Leaning in, speaking low... Gertrude gasps. She sinks down to her knees. Murmurs ripple through the line of Grace Year girls... When Mr. Welk leaves, Gertrude looks over at Tierney, a smile behind her hand as she feigns grief for the crowd. Suddenly Michael is there. He's broken formation to greet her. Wrapping his arms around her... But he freezes. His arms drop. He staggers back. Confused. Mr. Welk notices. Sensing something is off. He starts to approach... And Tierney realizes-- this is it. She's run out of time. Just like Michael, always ruining her plans. She steps forward. She unbuttons her heavy coat and lets it fall to the ground. Gasps of shock. Cries of outrage. Michael RECOILS. Because-- Tierney is visibly pregnant. Her hands are shaking as she raises her chin to face the crowd. For all her bravado, she is terrified. But her voice is quickly drowned out by the condemnation of the crowd. Tierney's Father looks ill. Her sisters look stricken. And Michael looks utterly heartbroken. Mr. Welk steps to Michael's side. In moments two guards grab Tierney by the arms. And before she can speak, the guards drag her away. Tierney sits on a cold dank floor behind a row of metal bars. Head bowed. Hands resting on her heaving belly. Resigned to her fate. A door screeches open. Footsteps echo in. And someone approaches her cell. Michael. Tierney struggles to stand up-- He looks utterly miserable. Tierney holds his gaze. His face twists, new anger burning in his eyes. He spits the words out like they're bitter to taste-- And Tierney's own anger comes flaring back-- Michael glares. Tierney studies his face, but Michael appears genuinely confused. He doesn't know the truth about this place. Tierney looks away. And at that, Michael finally brightens. Tierney doesn't answer. And at that, Tierney laughs. Bitter and cynical. Michael wilts. No idea what to say to that. And with that, Michael slinks out. Tierney slumps back. Leaning her head against the wall. A shadow falls across the floor-- But it's not Michael. It's a new visitor: Her Father. Emotion floods through her. Shame... fear... betrayal... But she's been bottling this resentment for too long-- He reaches through the bars and places something on the floor of her cell-- A tiny, red flower. Just like the ones growing in the Outskirts Village. Just like the flowers that fell from the Woman's hand in her dream... Tierney looks at the flower. And suddenly-- it hits her. Like a lightning strike... YOUNG TIERNEY startles awake in the middle of the night. Her other sisters still asleep beside her. She gets up and goes to the window, where she sees-- A FIGURE slipping away from the house... Tierney stumbles through the trees. Up ahead-- A light. Shifting, stretching, dancing with a fluid grace. Around it-- movement. Figures forming a circle. Tierney moves into the clearing to find-- Women. Their hair loose and wild, their dresses unbuttoned and unlaced, their feet bare on soft ground that is blanketed with tiny red flowers. And one of them is-- The Woman from her dreams. But there is nothing frightening or sinister about her. She radiates joy and love. Her Mother spots her. Lifts her up and nuzzles her. And then they see-- A different kind of light shining through the trees. And another. And another. Orbs of light floating in the darkness, completely surrounding them: Lanterns. They've been caught. Tierney sits. Holding the red flower. Tears in her eyes. Her dream was never a vision of the future... It was a memory from the past. Abe sighs. He suddenly seems very old and very tired. OFF TIERNEY: A new memory rushing back to her. One she's repressed for so long, it turned into a nightmare... We're knee-high in a crowd of people. Scanning faces, desperately searching-- We push through to the front-- to see THE WOMAN standing on a rolling staircase under the Punishment Tree with a noose around her neck. And now we know-- it's TIERNEY'S MOTHER. A group of men stand at the base of the tree-- THE COUNCIL. Tierney's Father, ten years younger, joins them. The Head of the Council, MR. WELK (Michael's Father) addresses the crowd. Tierney's Mother stares out at the crowd. Her face is stone. Murmurs ripple through the crowd. Tierney's Father looks like he's going to be sick. But Tierney's Mother doesn't wait. She shocks them all by stepping off the ledge. The rope pulls taut. Her neck snaps. Her body convulses. And her hands fall open to reveal-- A TINY RED FLOWER in one palm. It falls drops to the ground beneath her feet. Tierney looks at her father with a new kind of fury. And he looks at her with anguish. They lean their heads together on opposite sides of the bars. The weight of the world between them. But Tierney is off on her own tangent... Abe looks at her, a new kind of pain in his eyes. But Tierney stares back at him defiantly. And here in this moment, she looks so much like her mother. PRE-LAP: the steady beat of a drum as-- The town is gathered to watch as Guards lead Tierney to: THE PUNISHMENT TREE. A noose hangs from its thickest branch, the gallows below. They force her up the steps, tighten the noose around her neck. She's just like her mother, looking down on the crowd. The Council in the first row. The Grace Year girls scattered throughout the crowd, standing with their families, or their new husbands, or their respective labor houses. And there is her Father. He's left Penny and Clara at home. Mr. Welk steps forward. Michael at his side. The Grace Year girls are looking up at her with bated breath, full of dread and awe... But Tierney looks calm. Controlled. No trace of the fear that gripped her yesterday. So much for her Father's plea...? She looks at the other Grace Year girls. At Michael. At her Father. The men of the Council. The faces in the crowd... And she gives a little GASP of surprise as she notices-- Everywhere, all throughout the crowd, are flashes of red: A tiny red flower under one woman's apron bib. Beneath the ruffle of a dress. Pinned to a collar. Threaded in a braid. Tucked behind an ear. It is a red wave. A united front of silent, secret solidarity. And it is proof-- That Tierney is not alone in this fight. Her mother's revolution lives on. And she's ready to join it. She takes a deep breath: The crowd murmurs. Her Father nods encouragement. (Aha, she's taking his advice after all.) Michael frowns. Mr. Welk just laughs. More rumbles from the crowd. It's working! She might just be winning them over. But then-- KIERSTEN steps forward in the crowd. Oh no... Tierney's heart sinks. This girl has spent an entire year plotting to destroy her. And now she finally has her chance. Mr. Welk brightens. He knows Kiersten has more ill-will toward Tierney than anyone. He gestures for her to continue. Kiersten looks up at Tierney with cold, hard eyes. They both know Tierney's life is in her hands. And then-- She turns to address the crowd. Tierney is stunned. What...? But Kiersten glances back at her-- with that little spark in her eye. They share a common enemy far greater than their own rivalry. But then Gertrude steps forward. The other girls step forward now. All vouching for Tierney. Tierney now turns her gaze to Michael. Challenging him. Imploring him. He looks up at her-- pain and anger and humiliation etched across his face... But Michael turns away from his Father, to the crowd-- It's a genuine apology. A glimpse of the boy she knew before. And a promise of the man he'll be in the future. There it is. The threat. Let her live; or reveal the truth. Mr. Welk stares Tierney dead in the eyes. Hatred pouring out of him. But there's a deeper emotion behind it as well. Fear. The fear that he might be losing control. He's in a no-win situation. And they both know it. And that makes Mr. Welk FURIOUS. With a ROAR, he CHARGES the gallows-- SHOVING it aside-- Tierney PLUMMETS-- The rope pulls TAUT-- The crowd GASPS-- Tierney lives. As fourteen pairs of hands hold her up. The Grace Year girls stand together. Supporting her. Protecting her. A show of solidarity unlike anything this town has ever seen. Tierney is an outsider no more. They remove the noose from her neck; help her to her feet. Mr. Welk moves toward her-- but Michael intervenes. Michael gives Tierney a nod. A gesture of support. He is here for her, no matter what. Mr. Welk looks past them all to Tierney. He growls low: Tierney holds his gaze, and then bows her head demurely. She will play this game... and she will win. Tierney moves into the crowd. The other Grace Year girls following behind her. And now we PAN OUT-- Past the town... Into the forest... ...where the new group of Grace Year Girls are crowded around the larder, reading the NOTE that Tierney left them: The girls look at each other. Revolution brewing in their eyes. And just beyond them, at their feet-- A tiny RED FLOWER is poking up through the grass.