 A bright sunny day in the city. STUDENTS scamper into the  building. We hear the SQUELCH of a PA sytem. Then -- 1 COACH JEFFREYS (O.S.) 1  It’s been an... interesting Sheep  STUDENTS and TEACHERS gather around the cafeteria stage.  Sheep Week regalia covers the walls. COACH JEFFREYS stands on  stage, mic in hand, ready to hand out trophies that JADYN  awkwardly prepares on a nearby table.  Jadyn attempts a drum roll on the table.  Jadyn knocks over several of the trophies. There is a  smattering of disinterested applause.  DALLAS’S TEAM, THE WOLVES sullenly looks on as Coach, trophy  in hand, scans the room. Makes eye contact with MS. PUTNAM  who shrugs her shoulders. NOVA and several of her Nightmare  Club cohorts look around, whisper conspiratorially.  Dallas reaches out to touch the 1ST PLACE TROPHY. Coach  smacks his hand away.  MATEO, IZZIE, COOPER and ZOEY gather in front of MR. OZ at  his desk. He looks up from grading papers, confused.  Mateo trades an uneasy look with his friends. Looks up  solemnly to Mr. Oz --  Oz stops grading. Concern washes over his face...  Off of Mateo’s worried look --  Music swells... and we HARD CUT TO --  A Craggy, fog-shrouded marshland full of hills and caves,  barren trees, and hopeless skies. In the distance, the  ominous SHADOWKEEP looms...  Oz and the kids emerge from the DREAM BRIDGE DOOR and behold  the frightening vista.  I still don’t get it, how did Logan  A piercing SHRIEK prompts everyone to look to the sky as they  see a NIGHT TERROR patroling on the horizon...  Izzie whips out her hourglass, begins to dreamcraft... light  from the swirling sand shining out like a lighthouse in the  gloomy landscape as --  display of imagination becomes a  THE NIGHT TERROR suddenly banks hard, immediately zeroing in  on Izzie as she crafts Bunzai...  Uh oh... The kids scramble for cover by a NIGHTMARISH TREE as  the Night Terror screams inbound!  Izzie grits her teeth, jumps onto Bunzai, hefting her weapon  as the Night Terror shrieks towards them, claws out and --  WHAM! Izzie and Bunzai leap up and take it out in one well  placed blow! They land and she shoots Oz a cocky look --  As she smiles, she doesn’t notice the nightmare tree behind  her slowly reaching out, looming with its claw branches -- 22 MATEO 22  Bunzai freaks. Rears up, spilling Izzie to the ground as the  tree reaches out and --  BLAM! The nightmare tree gets obliterated. The kids turn to  see Oz holding his telescope rifle. A stern look on his face. 23 MR. OZ 23  I’m saying make it count!  The kids all trade a fearful look.  bridge door open as long as I can.  Albert gives Oz a small shiny metal ball contraption.  Mateo points in the distance: a small PATROL OF DARKLINGS on  a hill spots the kids.  The gang darts off towards the Darklings in the distance. We  linger on the ominous keep at the horizon as a nightmare  storm swirls in the sky. A SCREAM of pain prelaps and we --  SNEAK, SNIVEL, and SUSAN escort LOGAN through a dank, twisty  tunnel. Coming to a stop outside the doors to the FEAR WORKS.  DARK ARCHER stands with them, nursing his backside, shooting  an accusing glare at the spear Sneak is holding.  Archer smacks Sneak. Snivel and Susan howl with laughter.  Archer shoots them a look. They button it up. He sighs.  Archer motions threateningly, Sneak unlocks the dungeon door.  Archer shakes his head at Logan.  The door swings open. Logan’s eyes go wide: There before him  is a room full of CONTAINMENT UNITS - dreaming KIDS in each  one, their imaginations being siphoned out and funneled away  by horrendous machinery.  Archer hesitates. The other Darklings trade a look.  Once we find Castle Nocturna and  destroy it, NO ONE will be able to  Archer locks eyes with Logan. Logan flinches. Dark Archer  laughs. The gravity of the situation slams home with Logan.  Logan looks up at the Dark Archer, clearly wounded.  Hehehe, Loser Logan! Loser Logan!  Logan trades a look with SNEAK who can’t meet his gaze. 43 DARK ARCHER 43  Little bit of advice: choose better  Archer laughs as he turns and walks back down the hall.  Snivel turns to the other two.  Ssooo, who gets the honors?  Sneak shoves Logan into the unit. The door CLANGS shut. He  goes to lock it but fumbles with the keys, dropping them.  Snivel growls, motions to Susan who barrels forwards and  WHAM! Knocks Sneak to the ground. She looms over his limp  body and picks up the keys.  Snivel turns and realizes the containment unit is empty.  Logan is missing! He casts a panicked look around and sees --  LO-LO, in full blue gremlin mode, swing off the top of the  unit and --  SLAM! Two feet right to Snivel’s face, sends him to the  ground. Susan ROARS and CHARGES toward Lo-Lo like a freight  train but --  LO-LO jumps up, grabbing the containment unit cage and  swinging out of the way as SUSAN rams into the nearby wall -  slumping to the ground, out like a light.  Lo-Lo lands back on the ground chest heaving, and stares down  He hears the sound of metal on stone and his eyes glance up  to find --  SNEAK standing in front of the exit, spear in hand. Lo-Lo  locks eyes with Sneak... And Sneak lowers the spear.  Lo-Lo slowly transitions back into Logan.  The PATROL OF ROWDY DARKLINGS snakes through the fog, cackles  echoing. As they round a bend in the canyon, they don’t see --  THE DREAM CHASERS hiding amidst the rocks. The patrol marches  past, bickering. As Mateo prepares to dreamcraft, Oz puts a  restraining hand on him. Mateo frowns.  Zoey winds her clock. The whisps of fog suddenly seem to move  backwards as TIME SLOWS... and Zoey darts out, her clock  ticking, manipulating the scenario to close in on --  THE PATROL OF DARKLINGS -- Zoey makes quick work of the  patrol. Defeating three out of four.  As she closes in on the LAST DARKLING, we watch in SLOW  MOTION as his little face washes with alarm and --  Zoey’s clock stops ticking... Time resumes normally.  Zoey has Last Darkling in her sights. Arrow aimed... she  hesitates... trades a glance from Izzie to Mateo.  away.  The kids glance back to see the Darkling scrambling away  through the canyon.  We can’t let him warn the others!  Mateo growls as they run after the fleeing Darkling.  A SWARM of NIGHT TERRORS snakes down the hall and flitters up  through a tunnel-like passageway. As soon as they’re gone,  Sneak peeks out from behind a shadowy corner. Signals behind  him, and Logan quickly follows.  We don’t want to get caught inside  when more Night Terrors come  through.  The unlikely team slips out of their hiding spot and into the  tunnel. But Logan shoots a glance at a room as they pass by  and sees the Dark Archer standing at a worktable, tinkering  with LUNA’S HOURGLASS.  Dark Archer howls in frustration. SUSAN scurries down the  hall. Sneak pulls Logan into the shadows as the Darkling  passes. Logan strains to get a look --  IN THE WORKSHOP  The loser has escaped...  Archer puts the hourglass down. Anger surges through him. 60 DARK ARCHER 60  How...  Sneak...  Archer stands abruptly.  ANGLE ON LOGAN as he recedes into the shadows of the tunnel.  Gotta hurry, boss. I heard Dream  Chasers are in the Grim Realm.  Ahh, The loser has friends after  Logan’s face washes with realization.  Logan watches as Archer puts the hourglass in a heavy CHEST  and then quickly exits with Susan in tow.  Logan makes sure the coast is clear and darts across the  WORKSHOP -- And finds the chest. But it’s locked. Logan gets  frustrated as Sneak scurries over.  with more Terrors...  I can’t get this thing open--  I don’t know! Mateo is usually the  Logan’s frustration boils over. He morphs into LO-LO...  immediately starts pounding on the chest to no avail. He  turns his angry little eyes to Sneak...  Who fishes around under the worktable... and produces a  SKELETON KEY. He holds it out as Logan transitions back into  his normal appearance, scowling. Logan takes the key.  Night Terror shrieks suddenly echo down the hall. 73 SNEAK 73  Logan quickly unlocks the chest, finds Luna’s hourglass  waiting. Logan grabs it and the two run.  Logan and Sneak flee down the tunnel. Logan looks back over  his shoulder. Can hear the Night Terror SHRIEKS getting  louder.  They get to a JUNCTION - Logan can see light above where one  tunnel slopes up. And another that slopes down into darkness. 74 SNEAK 74  Sneak starts up. The SHRIEKS grow louder, almost on top of  them. Logan follows but can’t get enough traction. He slips  and begins to slide. 75 SNEAK (CONT’D) 75  Sneak reaches out and catches Logan, poised above the  darkness and the tunnel below. Logan locks eyes with him. 76 LOGAN 76  Don’t you let me go--  Sneak releases his grip and Logan drops down the tunnel into  The Dream Chasers scurry around a bend to find a fog-laden  gulch dominated by a large cave opening at the end.  Mateo glances around... nothing but a few scraggly trees  looming in the fog. No Darkling in sight.  As Cooper walks beneath a tree, he wipes cobwebs from his  face. Gets a chill. Izzie spots something. GASP! The team  turns to see her pick up a Darkling weapon from the ground...  It’s covered in webs.  Clicks and hisses echo out as a dozen little eyes appear in  the darkness of the cave opening...  The eyes move forward in unison, emerging from the darkness  to reveal --  ONE GIANT NIGHTMARE SPIDER who creepily steps into the light!  The spider rears up, mandibles reaching for the dreamers as  it ROARS!  RUN!  The group scrambles away as the beast scuttles out. Cooper  trips and falls and --  WHAM! A giant hairy leg nearly skewers him. Zoey scoops Coop  up and they keep running. Mateo suddenly veers off.  This is why I hate field trips...  Zoey doesn’t need to be told twice. She drags Izzie with her.  What are you doing?!  Teo takes hold of his hourglass. Light emanates like a  beacon. The spider’s gaze immediately shifts from the group  to Mateo, as he dreamcrafts Z Blob into Sir Z.  creativity right here...  Z Blob swings his sword at the ready. The giant spider fixes  all of its eyes on Mateo, saliva dripping from its mandibles.  Spider LUNGES! Z Blob swings! The sword bounces off his leg  with a THUNK. The spider blinks and opens his mandibles. Z  shoots a worried look to Mateo.  The spider roars! Mateo and Z turn and run! Scrambling and  fighting up the hill, leading the giant spider from the  others as they run away.  It’s an epic swashbuckling fight up the craggy Grim Realm  hills -- Z and Teo working in tandem to fight and deflect as  the giant spider pursues them.  Teo and Z crest the hill to see a nightmarish SWAMP laid out  before them. Mateo glances back in time to see --  THWUMP! A glob of webbing shoot out, snagging Z who falls to  the ground. Teo doubles back, tugging and hacking to try and  free his friend as the SPIDER scurries towards them and --  SNAP! Z is free! But the momentum carries them backwards --  TUMBLING down the hill! The fall reduces Z back into blob  form, rolling off the hill and they --  SPLASH! Disappear into the foggy waters of the swamp...  The giant spider scuttles up to the crest. Eyes scanning the  murk below. Clicking and hissing. But Mateo and Z Blob are  nowhere to be found and we --  Night Terrors flood up and out of the Shadowkeep and into the  gloomy sky. Our gaze drifts down to the surrounding murk...  WHOOSH! Logan and Sneak plummet out of from a grimy tunnel  opening in the Keep walls and...  SPLASH! Landing in the murky waters. Logan emerges,  sputtering and coughing as Sneak tries to help him up. Logan  shakes him off and stands.  Logan reaches down and plucks the hourglass out of the grime.  Fixes it to his waist. Starts to get his bearings.  Logan manages a grin. And we CUT TO --  Oz and the others wait at the edge of the canyon, looking out  across the swamp that lies between them and the Shadowkeep.  Zoey quietly joins them, out of breath...  He knows there are too many bad  Izzie reaches for her hourglass.  But Izzie dreamcrafts Bunzai! Lighting up the gloom. The  Dream Chasers hold their breath. Scanning the area.  The sound of the Dark Archer’s signature TUNE echo out  through the hills.  THWIP! A SHADOW BOLT thuds into the ground next to Bunzai! He  rears up, startled. The kids glance over to see --  THE DARK ARCHER standing atop a hill, his crossbow aimed.  next one doesn’t miss...  The kids shoot Oz a worried glance. Izzie grips her  Oz nods to the kids... then drops his hourglass. The kids  reluctantly follow suit. Izzie is the last to do so, reducing  Bunzai to plushie form and scooping him up protectively.  Take their weapons!  Snivel and Susan burst out of the shadows, leading a small  PACK OF SNARLING DARKLINGS out towards the Dream Chasers.  The Darklings cackle and argue as they strip the Dream  Chasers of their weapons. Oz trades an uneasy look with the  kids.  The surface of the muddy water is suddenly broken as Z Blob’s  little eyes emerge... followed by the rest of him but --  He’s in the shape of an old diving helmet encasing Mateo’s  head as the two emerge from the swamp like deep sea divers.  They cautiously scan the area before Teo trudges to the  craggy shore, removes the helmet, and Z pops into blob form.  Well, that could’ve gone better...  Teo puts Z on his shoulder and climbs up the rocky hill. As  he gets to the top, he suddenly flattens out on his belly.  Mateo grabs Z Blob, quickly glancing around before  dreamcrafting him into a PAIR OF BINOCULARS.  Teo army crawls back to the top, looks out --  THROUGH THE BINOCULARS -- There’s the Dark Archer... and  Teo’s friends being prodded towards the hulking form of a  GRIMHOLD...  As his gaze drifts up the intimidating Grimhold --  SOMETHING BLOCKS HIS VIEW! Mateo drop the binoculars to see --  A DARKLING snarling in his face! He yelps as the monster  grabs at him! Teo instictively wrestles the creature and they  go tumbling back down to the edge of the swamp with a THUD!  Mateo scrambles to his feet. Ready to fight and --  Mateo glances over to see Logan scrambling towards him.  Logan calmly reaches down and helps Sneak up.  Sneak smiles. Trying to defuse the situation.  Logan forces a laugh. Shakes his head. Trades a look with  Sneak who stops smiling - this reunion is going terribly.  Logan unbuckles the hourglass and offers it out to Mateo.  Mateo takes the hourglass. Turns to leave. Logan stoic. Sneak  glancing at both of them like WTF?!  Mateo hesitates.  Mateo turns back. Finally nods begrudgingly. Thrusts the  hourglass back in Logan’s hands.  Logan takes the hourglass. Takes a deep breath. Nods.  Mateo slowly turns to stare at Sneak... His gears turning. 144 LOGAN 144  What are you thinking?  Mateo nods.  As the three unlikely conspirators huddle up, we CUT TO --  Scraggly nightmare trees surround a small darkling camp  nestled in the gloomy hills. An unnatural campfire burns,  shedding light on the --  The Dream Chasers’ hourglasses and weapons being tossed in a  pile.  ANGLE CHANGES TO REVEAL Oz and the Dream Chasers being  prodded towards a towering GRIMHOLD and the open cage of his  belly.  Oz finally finds what he’s searching for. Discretely pulls  the Edison Bomb from his beard.  A CLUELESS DARKLING picks up Oz’s telescope blaster from the  pile. Curiously pulls the trigger and BLAM! A blast  harmlessly streaks into the sky --  Startling Oz! Who drops the Edison Bomb. The gang gasps,  staring wide-eyed as it rolls unseen towards --  DARK ARCHER... Stepping over it as he snatches the blaster  from Clueless Darkling, smacking him.  Cackles of laughter burst out of the small squad of  RAMBUNCTIOUS DARKLINGS as Archer tosses the blaster back on  the pile and turns to Susan at his side --  boss? 153 DARK ARCHER 153  Sneak and his loser friend will  Archer marches off with Snivel and Susan in tow. No one  noticed the Edison Bomb. Oz and the kids manage a smile of  relief.  They are marched closer to the Grimhold, Oz almost to where  the bomb stopped rolling but --  Clueless Darkling picks it up... Begins to futz with the  bomb, trying to figure out what it is. Oz groans with defeat.  Got a plan C in that beard?  Oz shoots Izzie an exhausted look. Clearly he doesn’t.  The Grimhold cage swings open. The Darkling guards prod the  Dream Chasers forward... Grimhold’s claw reaching out...  ANGLE ON The Dark Archer and Susan marching back to the  Sharkface Airship moored nearby. Archer looks up in time to  see --  SNEAK AND LO-LO bounding down the hillside towards them!  Boss, when you’re right, you’re--  Snivel SCREAMS in fear! Archer’s expression falls when he  sees what Sneak and Lo-Lo are running from --  THE NIGHTMARE SPIDER rampaging into the camp...  Darklings scatter in panic! Except for --  Clueless Darkling finally activates the Edison Bomb. It  starts to BEEP a countdown. He looks at it curiously as --  MUNCH! The spider swallows him and the bomb whole. Turns its  scary eyes towards the Dream Chasers...  The gang screams! The Spider moves closer and --  WHAM! The Grimhold smacks it! The gang scrambles for cover as  the two giants go at it. We can hear the loud countdown BEEP  BEEP BEEPING from inside the spider’s belly.  In the chaos, Oz and kids scramble back to the pile of their  equipment, quickly scooping up their belongings. Zoey grabs  her bow, turns to see --  LO-LO and SNEAK bounding towards them. Zoey takes aim and --  Mateo leaps in front of Lo-Lo. Hands in the air!  Teo?!  Zoey stares at Lo-Lo, still aiming. Trying to process.  Izzie rushes up and hugs Teo. Then --  Lo-Lo morphs back into Logan. Coop stares at him, mouth open.  Oz puts his hand on Logan’s shoulder. Logan hands him Luna’s  hourglass.  BOOM! WHAM! ROAR! The kids glance over to see the Grimhold  and spider still duking it out. Their fight taking them away  from the camp.  One by one the Dream Chasers dreamcraft... working in  unison... Izzie on Bunzai, Teo on Sir Z... Logan morphing  into Lo-Lo as he leaps up and into... the truck Coop crafts.  Drive it like you stole it!  The Dark Archer tries to rally the few remaining Darklings.  But Zoey picks off a few as Teo and Z Blob make a hole in  their ranks.  Snivel and Susan come gunning for Sneak but Coop roars up in  his truck with Oz in the back, blasting away.  Snivel and Susan dive for cover as Sneak leaps in. Zoey  shoots one more look at Archer as she jumps in back and  Coop’s truck takes off.  Stop them! Do not let them escape!  Archer struggles to get Sharkface airborne as the last of his  Darkling squad takes off on foot after the Dream Chasers.  Oz and the Dream Chasers flee across the wasteland. Finally  reaching the hillside rendezvous.  Cooper’s truck sputters. He looks down at his hourglass.  His truck starts to de-materialize... dumping the occupants.  As the gang scrambles up the remainder of the hill, Bunzai  reduces to a plushie...  They crest the hill... but Albert and the Bridge door are  nowhere to be found.  The gang turns around to face the small squad of Darklings  encircling them...  OZ’S ROCKET SHIP rises into view! The door opens. Albert  lowers the ladder --  One by one, the gang scurries into the ship. Oz, the last in  line as he climbs up.  Albert sees Sneak crawl aboard. Shoots him a disgusted look --  He’s rolling with me back to the  landing. Any questions?  Sneak struggles to hide his surprise. Clearly touched.  The door slams shut.  Well. That was exciting, wasn’t it.  BOOM! The door of the ship suddenly flies off!  OUTSIDE -- The Sharkface airship looms, Oz’s ship door  clutched in its grapplinghook like a souvenir.  INSIDE -- Debris flies around the ship! Several of Oz’s  things go tumbling out, including Oz and --  MATEO scrambles to the door, Z Blob on his shoulder, grabs  Mr. Oz’s hand just as --  The hourglass flies out of the door along with more debris.  Mateo pulls Oz to safety. He lands in a heap inside the ship. 180 MR. OZ 180  Albert! Get us out of here!  Wait! The hourglass!  Oz looks at Logan. Then smiles --  Logan fights back a surge of emotion. Then leaps out!  Mateo and Sneak trade a look... then both leap out after!  Logan rushes towards the hourglass lying on the ground...  Scrambling up to it as --  The remaining squad of Darklings encircles him. Sharkface  hovering overhead. Archer’s laughter echoing out.  Mateo and Sneak rush up!  The heck are you guys thinking?!  Eh, what would Logan do?!  The kids look to the Darklings, Logan morphs into Lo-Lo. The  three friends bracing for a fight.  Darklings snarl, drool, laugh maniacally. This is gonna get  ugly. But then they stop as we hear --  BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! The Darklings trade a confused look.  A shadow falls over our heroes... everyone turns to see --  THE GIANT NIGHTMARE SPIDER cresting the hilltop. Madibles  dripping with saliva... It rears up and --  BOOM! Just as Oz promised, an explosion of pure light  radiates out from the spider, instantly evaporating the  nightmare creatures...  ANGLE ON OZ’S SHIP as the gang shields their eyes and --  ANGLE ON SHARKFACE - Archer, Snivel and Susan on deck as the  ship banks away from the blast radius.  BACK ON - Teo, Logan, and Z as they slowly open their eyes to  find they are no longer surrounded. The spider and all the  Darklings gone. Just particles of ether floating in the wind.  Including Sneak... Logan’s eyes widen in realization.  Logan finds something on the ground... the hat he gave Sneak.  Several shadow bolts THUD into the ground.  NOW!  Oz and the kids watch from above as Mateo, Logan, and Z Blob  wake up below. 189 MR. OZ 189  Go, Albert! Let’s go!  The Dark Archer watches the scene from the deck of Sharkface.  As Oz’s ship takes off, his mind races... As we DISSOLVE TO --  The Dream Chasers stand in front of the glass trophy case.  Zoey takes a group shot of the team with the trophy displayed  behind them. Logan has his hat in his hand.  Logan looks down at his hat. Clearly missing his friend.  Logan puts on his hat. We DISSOLVE TO --  LOGAN’S POV... but it’s wavy and distorted. We pull out to  reveal that we are watching the Waking World through --  The Nightmare King stands in the spawning room, staff in hand  as a DARKLING loads a canister of imagination into the  machinery.  Dark Archer sulks into the room. Realizes he’s looking at the  Waking World projected from the staff.  You put an Eye on the Dream  Chasers...  The Nightmare King spawns a Darkling. As it rises, we realize  it is SNEAK... born anew from the dark machinery. Sneak  collects himself. Realizing where he is and stepping  protectively behind the Nightmare King.  Archer takes in the scene. The Dream Chasers’ every move  projects before the Nightmare King. Sneak watches, too. His  expression especially glum.  Nightmare King stares at Archer. He panics. Then --  The little artiste’s green friend!  Nightmare King lowers his staff. Sneak looks from one villain  to the other. Wondering what does this mean?!  Nightmare King projects an image from his staff:  Z Blob... now in his sights. As shadows darken the edge of  our frame we CUT TO BLACK... END OF EPISODE