 Mateo’s eyes snap open and he sits up in bed. Quickly taking  in the new status of the landing: two more beds in the little  sanctuary for Logan and Cooper. Izzie jumps on hers, backpack  on with a dangling plushie keychain.  looks like your dumb room. Wait- is  Izzie jumps SUPER high. Landing in front of Mateo with a  flourish.  our safe zone--  But a door to the DREAM BRIDGE is already forming.  Mateo runs after the others as they disappear through the  door and we CUT TO --  AN OVERSIZED MOTTLED PIGEON, perched on a trash can COOING as  we WIDEN OUT TO REVEAL --  MATEO, IZZIE, COOP, and LOGAN stroll down their block.  Izzie points down the block to MRS. CASTILLO perched in the  window of her food truck, snoozing...  The kids stroll past a news stand and a grumpy NEWS STAND  GUY... and the bodega where a BUSY-BODY OWNER paints over  They stop at a crosswalk. The figure in the don’t walk signal  suddenly floats up and away -- News Stand Guy’s feet suddenly  lift off as he starts FLOATING, newspapers and FINANCIAL  MAGAZINES take flight like birds. 10 NEWS STAND GUY 10  Logan shuffles forward in awe, the weirdness of the Dream  World apparent all around him. Bodega Owner stops painting  and looks up at the sky, which is full of psychedelic colors.  As he looks back at the bodega, all the colorful GRAFFITI he  covered immediately paints itself back. Newspaper Stand Guy  struggles to catch his flock of flying papers and --  hops. This is MR. HOPPER. IN  HONK! Logan stops short as a taxi screeches to a halt in  front of him. His eyes go wide - the taxi is a toad. And it  Logan watches the pigeon on the trashcan pick up a briefcase  in its beak, waddle into the taxi as it hops off.  player characters in a video game?  Logan gets a mischievous look. He reaches out as another  dreamer skips down the sidewalk. He nudges her --  Izzie swats Logan.  Izzie runs after Nova as she skips off down the sidewalk.  Mateo approaches Mrs. C’s food truck, a curious look on his  face as he looks at her snoozing...  He reaches out to nudge the sleeping taco truck lady when --  The food truck suddenly sprouts legs and a head... Mateo  stares wide-eyed, realizing the truck is actually resting on  the back of a tortoise’s shell. Señor Tortuga’s shell to be  precise. The boys soak in the spectacle as we CUT TO --  Izzie rounds a building corner to find an empty alleyway. No  sign of Nova. She’s about to double back when --  THE SHADOWS along the back wall begin to move... Izzie’s eyes  go wide with fear and --  Isabel!  Izzie glances back to see MR. OZ standing at the mouth of the  alley, ROCKET SHIP SCHOOL BUS parked behind him. A stern look  on his face.  training... It’s too dangerous now.  Izzie glances back to the alley, but the shadows no longer  look menacing.  Oz sighs. Then gestures towards his ship.  The ominous keep looms over a nightmarish swap landscape...  The Night Hunter stands before the Nightmare King on his  sinister throne. Darklings scurry about the center of the  throne room where an intricate DAIS contraption sits.  if Oz and those children figure out  The Nightmare King strides over to stand menacingly atop the  dais contraption as Snivel presents a glass and metal jar-  like canister full of pure imagination. Sparkly liquid light.  standing... I’ll see to it myself.  Your job is to find me more  dreamers...  Snivel plugs the canister into the contraption on the dais,  releasing pure imagination into the intricate groves carved  there... and as they flow towards the center, they turn a  dark shade of red...  The Nightmare King thrusts the base of his staff into the  center of the dais... with wrenching CREAKS and GROANS the  dais rises, gear-like as --  The CEILING opens up, revealing the dark nightmarish sky...  The Nightmare King’s staff absorbs the creative energy from  the canister before he hefts his staff aloft as a NIGHTMARE  STORM forms in the sky above and we CUT TO --  Z Blob jiggles in his seat from the velocity of Oz’s ship  rocketing through the dream ether. We see DREAM REALMS  passing by outside the bus windows.  realms of the imagination...  WIDEN OUT to reveal Mateo, Cooper, and Izzie in their seats.  Oz and Albert in front, manning the controls. Cooper cranes  his neck to see outside.  Logan strolls in through the bulkhead door in back.  And a room with books...  Izzie is about to unbuckle and stand when --  Oz jerks the controls. The bus banks hard. Logan stumbles.  THWAP! His face pressed against a bus window, eyes scrunched  in pain.  Logan opens his eyes to see --  OUTSIDE -- The NIGHTMARE STORM SWIRLS IN THE ETHER... and  out of the storm come --  NIGHT TERRORS... streaking towards the ship! Right at the  window and --  LOGAN yells, pries himself from the glass... Oz and Albert  spring into evasive maneuvers as alarms start ringing on the  control panel.  Oz banks again. THWAP! Logan gets plastered against another  window.  MATEO watches Oz pilot like a maniac as Albert frantically  works the control panel --  OZ excitedly turns to show the kids his hourglass stored at  his side. Taking his hands off the controls.  We will use all the tools at our  disposal. Chief among them being  the Dream Chaser’s Hourglass...  The ship noses into a DIVE! Z Blob’s little eyes go wide as  he jiggles. Izzie squeals in delight. Cooper holds on. Mateo  screams. Albert is unfazed. And Logan goes --  THWAP! into the front window, staring out as Oz’s ship PLOWS  INTO SEVERAL NIGHT TERRORS! Collecting them on the front  grill as the ship screams in a downward dive.  Albert presses a RED BUTTON. WHITE HOT ENERGY crackles across  the bus and ZAP the Night Terrors like a bug zapper.  Albert pulls up out of the nose dive. The ship clears the  Nightmare Storm for safer skies. Logan flops to the floor.  Logan sits up from the floor, woozy.  Logan collapses on the floor as we CUT TO --  We find Oz’s ship already landed beneath the clouds of Dream  Ether hanging in the sky like fog. The kids stand before a  trail that disappears into the dark woods. Oz and Albert  approach.  woods, guarded by the Forgemaster.  Dream Chasers, Logan. And to become  a true Dream Chaser you need an  hourglass.  at the forge, suckers!  Logan takes off into the woods.  Normally he hears the word “test,”  and runs in the opposite direction.  Izzie laughs as she and Cooper head after Logan. 50 MATEO 50  before a test... or a study  Oz casts a worried glance to the horizon --  Mateo...  Albert sees the worried look on Mateo’s face. Pats him on the  hand, trying to be reassuring.  Albert heads after the others into the woods.  Oz chuckles. Mateo just stares at him. Clearly not reassured.  The crew emerges from the forest to find an old PLAYGROUND  with a wooden jungle gym and sandbox. A KID, dressed in  overalls, sits in the sandbox building sand castles. He looks  up expectantly as the crew approaches.  The little kid assesses the crew. The kid trades a look with  Oz, then shapes a sandcastle in the sandbox. And as he does --  A MASSIVE SAND CASTLE TOWER forms in the distance. The others  gawk. Logan smirks.  The little kid jabs his hand in the sandbox, digs a huge  trough... the ground TREMBLES... Logan’s eyes CUT TO --  A MASSIVE CANYON now stands between the crew and the tower,  Logan shoots Little Kid a look --  Oz pulls his hourglass from the Velcro on his suit.  And with an hourglass to focus, you  The kids watch as the sand in Oz’s hourglass alights.  Swirling around...  Oz picks up a handful of sand from the sandbox, flings it out  Dreamcrafting!  DREAMCRAFTS A BRIDGE that spans the canyon to the other side! 64 LOGAN 64  Cool lecture. Dream Forge is in  that tower? We got to get inside? I  got this...  Logan marches towards the bridge. The sandbox kid shoots Oz a  look. And as Logan reaches the bridge, the doors to the tower  swing open to reveal --  A HUGE GNARLY SAND GOLEM KNIGHT, clad in heavy armor, hefting  a mean-looking shield and mace. Logan hits the brakes.  Inspiration, creativity, focus--  The crew watches Logan charge at the hulking knight and --  WHAM! Logan takes a shield-bash to the face, flies off the  bridge and disappears into the foggy ether below.  Oz turns to the others, smiles --  Who’s next?  Off the wide-eyed stares, we CUT TO --  A RAPID-FIRE SEQUENCE --  COOPER -- on the bridge facing the knight.  CREATIVITY. FOCUS on your idea.  Build... build... I GOT IT!  Cooper pulls a MODEL KIT TIRE from his pocket. 72 COOPER (CONT’D) 72  I’ll dreamcraft a super decked-out  nitro-fueled muscle car! Show this  dude the real meaning of kit bash.  FFWOMP! He dreamcrafts it into a UNICYCLE, wobbling on it as  the knight approaches...  Lacks creativity...  WHAM! Cooper goes flying off the bridge as WE CUT TO --  IZZIE -- standing before the bridge. She fumbles with her  backpack, spilling a massive amount of plushies from her  pack. She loses her balance and as she tries to catch them  all. Albert sighs.  Izzie finally holds BUNZAI aloft... but WHAM! She flies off  the bridge as we CUT TO --  Mateo stands at the foot of the bridge. Z Blob plays in the  sandbox. He tries to eat a plastic bucket.  Focus... tune out all  Mateo! You got this.  Mateo’s eyes dart towards a rusty metal jungle gym ladder  that juts out of the playground but leads to nowhere. He  shakes off the idea momentarily forming in his head. Instead  pulls out his trusty drawing pencil, and picks up Z Blob.  Mateo dreamcrafts his pencil into a sword. He charges at the  opposing knight but WHAM! Mateo topples off the bridge.  WE TRACK WITH MATEO as he and Z Blob plummet into the foggy  depths of the gorge. Mateo screams as we CUT TO --  Mateo wakes in his bed with a scream. His eyes snap open to  find Izzie perched over him, staring down. Mateo screams  again!  Mateo lets out a frustrated sigh. Z Blob comes out of the  backpack, rubbing his head, and yacks up the tiny bucket.  Mateo and Izzie hurry down their block. Backpacks on. They  see the News Stand Guy organizing his financial magazines...  the Bodega Owner painting... Mr. Hopper frowning as he honks  his horn.  Izzie spots Nova shuffling to school. Izzie waves. Nova  barely acknowledges her.  The kids arrive at MRS. CASTILLO’S FOOD TRUCK. Mrs. C  snoozes, perched in the window. Her tortoise on the counter.  Mateo does a double take. But Mrs. C looks asleep. Eyes  Mrs. C opens her eyes and smiles...  You mean think like a dream?  Mrs. C. chuckles as she gets to work. Mateo’s mind races. He  grabs a napkin and quickly sketches out a plan as we CUT TO --  Mateo grasps his napkin sketch and marches up to the back  table where COACH JEFFRIES presides over the SHEEP WEEK  BRACKET posted on the back wall.  Logan and Cooper congregate with a group of COOL KIDS (one we  will come to know as DALLAS) looking at the teams as Coach  Jeffreys fills in the names.  Logan cringes. The cool kids snicker.  The cool kids walk away.  The kids turn to see Izzie holding a hamster cage. The  hamster is running in his wheel.  turn to watch him tonight. Science  class stuff. But I haven’t seen her  As Izzie walks off to look for Nova, Mateo realizes Z Blob is  reaching out of his backpack to try and eat the sign up  sheets on Coach Jeffrey’s table.  He quickly tucks Z back in his bag. Casts a worried look  around and spots --  ZOEY... standing with her lunch tray. Staring skeptically.  Zoey walks away with her lunch tray.  The team gathers in front of the canyon. Albert looks to the  horizon. The Nightmare Storm has darkened the sky...  Oz grumbles. Scratches his beard.  Miserably...  The kids shuffle around. Nervous.  Well don’t all try at once.  Izzie looks to Mateo. He averts his gaze. She growls.  scary old knight?  I’m not scared.  The kid in the sandbox stops building his sandcastles. He  looks up expectantly.  Izzie shoots Mateo a final emphatic look. Mateo steps  forward, but -- 109 LOGAN 109  Mateo watches as Logan walks over to the rickety old ladder  on the jungle gym. The one that leads to nowhere, like it  used to have a slide on it...  Logan climbs up the ladder... and keeps climbing into the fog  that hangs above the playground... DISAPPEARING...  The kids trade worried looks with each other until --  The kids glance to --  THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CANYON... and there’s LOGAN doing a  victory dance.  Cooper races to climb up. Izzie squeals with delight as she  follows suit. Disappearing into the fog.  Mateo sighs. Reluctantly follows. Puts Z Blob in his backpack  before climbing up. But as he climbs, Z Blob spits something  out that falls to the ground...  Oz picks it up - it’s the napkin from Mrs. C’s taco truck. Oz  looks at the drawing.  IT’S A PICTURE OF MATEO CLIMBING THE LADDER WITH THE TEAM  CLIMBING BEHIND HIM...  As Oz, Albert, and the kids arrive at the tower, THE MASSIVE  DOORS swing wide... they peer into the dark interior as --  The KID FROM THE SAND BOX emerges... his OLDER voice at odds  with his appearance.  Izzie struggles to contain her enthusiasm.  For that, you must face the Forge.  Mateo gazes into the dark confines of the tower. Worried...  What’s in the Forge?  the task, the Dream Forge will  Mateo trades a look with Z Blob on his shoulder. 121 MATEO 121  Wait, Mateo... You may not have  But Mateo walks off. Izzie groans.  can’t wait around until they are.  Oz shoots a worried look to the horizon. The nightmare storm  builds. Growing closer. A wind begins to pick up.  The Dream world needs these kids.  One more night, please?  The Forgemaster looks at the kids.  NOVA stumbles through the woods. In her pajamas. Fear on her  face. Dark circles under eyes.  She ducks behind a gnarled tree to hide. That’s when she  hears --  A DARK AND ERIE TUNE BEING WHISTLED... echoing through the  forest... We recognize it as the Night Hunter’s tune...  Nova springs up to run but -- A GIANT HAMSTER CAGE appears  out of nowhere. CLUNKING to the ground around her... CLANG!  echo through the trees...  The cage door swings shut. The hyena cackles of Darklings  The Night Hunter’s whistled lullaby suddenly pierces the  night. Getting closer... Nova screams. Shoves at the bars.  The tune getting louder...  One more shove and the door springs open. Nova careens off  through the woods in a panic as we CUT TO --  The sun rises in Brooklyn. We hear the BUNZAI ANIME THEME  SONG as we push in on Mateo and Izzie’s window.  Izzie awakes in her bed and shuts off the music from her  tablet. The hamster is still spinning furiously in his wheel  She sits up as the pile of plushie toys spills off of her.  She looks over to Mateo’s bed: He’s already gone. Izzie sighs  as she gets up, shuts off the music.  Izzie scurries through the kitchen. Her dad JAY in his  paramedic uniform, whips up her bag lunch. Izzie opens the  bag. Takes a whiff.  Izzie cringes as she hustles out the door. Jay watches her  go. Clearly not the answer he was expecting.  STUDENTS scamper past SHEEP WEEK posters as the bell rings.  IS  Mateo sits at his desk, drawing in his notebook, purposefully  avoiding eye contact with --  COOPER AND LOGAN in the next row of desks as they try to  catch his attention. Mr. Oz lectures from the front of the  fears stand in the way of something  Mr. Oz glances up. Sees a kid with BRACES and a confused look  on his face raising his hand.  Oz scratches his beard. WIDEN OUT to reveal a diagram of a  plant on the chalkboard.  The BELL RINGS. The kids in the class all scramble out of the  door. Cooper and Logan catch a look from Oz: he wants a word  alone with Mateo. They grab their bags and exit.  Mateo slowly gathers his things.  Oz produces the napkin Mateo dropped outside the Dream Forge.  Mateo sees the drawing he made on it.  How did you...  Mateo looks in his backpack. Z Blob stares back. Grumbles at  Mateo.  it is going to withstand the  darkness that threatens it. Be the  leader your team needs. Face the  Forge and emerge together as true  Dream Chasers.  Mateo slowly nods. Building his confidence up as WE CUT TO --  Izzie carries a HAMSTER in its CAGE as she scans the hallway.  ZOEY closes her locker and turns to see NOVA gathering her  books. Zoey studies her curiously before turning and walking  away. Izzie veers in Nova’s direction --  Nova turns from her locker, sees the cage and screams!  Izzie’s expression darkens - Nova looks haggard; dark circles  under her eyes, fearful look on her face.  Izzie’s eyes narrow as her gears spin, and we CUT TO --  Mateo marches confidently through the cafeteria towards Logan  and Cooper huddled with the COOL KIDS around a table, working  on something... But as he approaches, he watches as they --  HAND IN A TEAM SIGN UP SHEET TO COACH JEFFREYS...  Mateo watches Coach put a WOLF logo on the competition  bracket hanging on the wall. Logan and Cooper high five and  walk off.  team this year? You got some stiff  Mateo’s confidence melts. He shakes his head, turns to leave  and nearly runs into Izzie. She has a worried look on her  face and the hamster cage in her hands.  Mateo doesn’t react. Izzie bubbles with impatience.  Mateo plods away. Izzie stews. Trying to process. She glances  at the bracket, then across the cafeteria to Logan and Cooper  sitting with Dallas and the Cool Kids. 159 COACH JEFFREYS 159  Izzie, are you on a team this year?  Coach Jeffreys is unsure of what just happened.  We come in on Mateo and Izzie’s window as the light goes out.  Mateo lies in bed. He turns over to look at his sister’s side  of the room. Sees Izzie is already asleep. Her Bunzai plushie  peeking out of the backpack resting at the foot of her bed.  He rolls over and stares at Z Blob looking at him from inside  his own backpack next to his bed.  Mateo’s eyes slowly close as we CUT TO --  Mateo’s eyes snap open. He can hear voices, in mid-  argument...  big fat mouth! You tell him--  Mateo sits up in his Dream World bed. Finds Logan and Cooper.  Mateo springs to his feet. Notices the Dream Bridge door is  open and a bridge stretches off to points unknown... 166 LOGAN 166  Uh, yeah - your sister totally ran  off to go help her friend Nova?  her on...  Logan shrugs innocently. Mateo marches toward the bridge.  Nightmare King does...  Mateo glares at the others. Cooper can’t meet his eye.  Mateo puts Z Blob on his shoulder and disappears through the  Dream Bridge Door as we CUT TO --  A YELLOW BRICK ROAD cuts through a dark patch of forest...  Nova and Izzie stand on the shimmering road, backing away  from a pack of cackling DARKLINGS trying to encircle them.  IS  Izzie, I don’t like this dream!  Izzie fumbles with her backpack...  focus...  She pulls out her BUNZAI plushie. The Darkling in the lead  pauses, trades an uneasy look with its companions.  Izzie scrunches her eyes shut. We ZOOM IN ON HER FACE as we  She performs a bad-ass fight routine as the BUNZAI THEME SONG  rages, like she’s charging up some crazy combat anime spell  and --  SMASH CUT BACK TO -- IZZIE gripping her Bunzai plushie,  holding it out towards the Darklings... She opens her eyes.  Nothing happens. They HOWL with laughter and continue  forward.  Izzie YELLS and leaps forward with her plushie and starts  BASHING Darklings anyway. FFWUMP! FFWUMP! Her ferocity  catches them off guard... Until Izzie realizes she’s waded  right into the middle of them.  The Darklings snarl at Izzie, instantly getting sinister.  Izzie yelps and turns tail to run.  The Darklings race after her as Izzie grabs Nova by the hand  and pulls her along.  heels as --  They race down the yellow brick road, Darklings on their  MATEO emerges from a Dream Bridge Door just in time to see  Izzie and the pack of Darklings headed right for him!  His eyes go wide! Z Blob’s squeeze shut!  Mateo whips out his trusty drawing pencil, nearly drops it as  the Darklings race right towards him and --  FWWISH! Mateo dreamcrafts his pencil into... a HUGE pencil!  The Darklings skid to a halt, not sure how to react.  Assessing Mateo as he stands protectively in front of Izzie  THHWWIP! A shadow bolt THUDS into the ground in front of  The kids’ gaze darts over to the tree line where --  THE NIGHT HUNTER strides onto the yellow brick road. He hefts  his crossbow.  The ground RUMBLES as MR. SHARKFACE rumbles out of the tree  line. Izzie’s eyes immediately water --  Hunter is about to fire again, when --  WHAM! Logan charges in from out of nowhere and bowls the  Night Hunter over. Sends his crossbow skidding to the ground  in front of Izzie.  The Darklings aboard Sharkface break down in laughter.  Cooper emerges from the Dream Bridge door, rushes over to  help Logan up and join the other kids. Mateo shoots Cooper a  look --  Night Hunter picks himself up. But Izzie grabs the crossbow,  aiming it at him. The Darklings immediately stop laughing.  Cooper pulls out his model kit wheel.  thing just like my model kits, but  it doesn’t work.  Think like a dream, Coop.  Cooper nods. The Darklings cautiously inch forward.  Cooper focuses as we FLASH CUT TO --  A BLUEPRINT SEQUENCE as Cooper imagines the car he is kit  bashing and assembling in mid air. Dream Ether swirling and --  FFWUMP! The model kit wheel transforms into a GIANT TIRE...  Mateo surveys the situation. Taking stock... Finally -- 195 MATEO 195  revealing --  The trees crash as something plows through them, finally  Cooper’s giant wheel... Mateo leading all the kids, running  it like a hamster wheel, Mr. Sharkface RUMBLING after them  with the Darklings and Hunter aboard in pursuit!  The wheel careens back onto the yellow brick road, gaining  speed.  Uh, guys... how do we stop this  Izzie glances out as they run the wheel --  UP AHEAD -- A GIANT GRIMHOLD crashes onto the road, right in  their path!  All the kids SCREAM as the wheel barrels right at the  Grimhold, no chance at stopping... The beast raising its arms  high like it’s going to smash them and --  VVVROOOM! Cooper’s giant wheel rockets right up the beast,  like it was a ramp! Shooting them straight up in the sky...  bursting out of the forest in a swirl of leaves.  The Grimhold’s momentum carrying it forward as it --  WHAM! Stumbles right into an oncoming Sharkface! Sending the  baddies tumbling to the ground and the Night Hunter yelling  THE KIDS -- ROLLING OFF DOWN A HILL in the wheel...  The kids all gather in the middle of a circle of HUGE  TOADSTOOLS. Cooper’s wheel on the ground. 201 COOPER 201  an hourglass. So what are we  Everyone turns to face Mateo. He stands there with Z Blob on  his shoulder.  Mateo meets the gaze of his friends.  I think WE’RE ready. If we stand  together like Mr. Oswald said. But  what do you say?  Cooper smiles. Nods. Logan rolls his eyes. But nods.  Izzie pulls the Night Hunter’s crossbow from her backpack.  Everyone turns to look at Nova who has been standing there  the whole time, confused. Nova yawns. And wanders off into  the serene distance.  Izzie laughs. And as we PULL UP AND OUT, we catch a fleeting  glimpse of --  A WINGED SHADOW -- SWOOPING OVER THE TREELINE...  A GRYPHON WATCHING THE CHILDREN...  END OF EPISODE