 EP 109: "SHORT SHEEPED"  NASA BOBBLEHEAD ALBERT, bathed in shadows, smiling serenely.  WIDEN OUT TO REVEAL --  A flashlight beam bounces haphazardly through the inky  interior of Oz’s office. Suddenly --  Our nighttime intruder is LOGAN! Nursing his stubbed toe, he  hops over to Oz’s desk and rifles through drawers until... 2 LOGAN (CONT’D) 2  As Logan reaches for LUNA’S HOURGLASS -- cracked and broken -- *  he bumps the bobblehead. About to grab the Hourglass, he *  flinches at Albert bobbling away at him... a second of  remorse... but then he sets his jaw.  Logan snatches the hourglass, stuffs it in his BACKPACK and  races out as we CUT TO:  On top of the world, Logan strides into the maze-esque ARENA *  and spots LANCE resting imperiously on a barrier. *  He proudly pulls Luna’s Hourglass out of his backpack.  Lance leaps to his feet, quivering with unhealthy excitement.  Twigged, Logan hesitates... Lance stalks forward, intense.  In a swirl of red mist, Lance unveils his true self... the  NIGHTMARE KING! Logan gapes, horror filling his face. 8 LOGAN 8  He pivots and runs. Hyena cackles fill the air. Glancing up,  Logan spots WINGED DARKLINGS plummeting down... 9 NIGHTMARE KING 9  As a swarm of snickering Darklings burst into the clearing,  Logan looks around desperately. No escape. SNIVEL, SNEAK, and  SUSAN brandish their weapons.  Logan tries to brazen it out...  I’d love to see you try.  FWHOOSH! A strip of BLUE FUR sprouts down Logan’s arm! He  stares surprised. The NK cocks an eyebrow then hefts his  staff menacingly --  THHWWIP! A shadow bolt THUDS at Logan’s feet. Startled, he  drops the Hourglass. Before it can hit the ground, Sneak  darts forward to catch it and return it to his master. Fear  flashes across Logan’s face...  REVERSE to LOGAN’S POV: Susan curls up into WRECKING-BALL  MODE, barrels toward him. Right as Susan’s about to SMASH  into Logan, we CUT TO --  A very worried COOP hustles past students and teachers ready *  for Sheep Week to start. He races up to MATEO, IZZIE, and Z  BLOB (peeking out of Teo’s backpack) waiting anxiously. They  slump at the concern etched across Coop’s face.  Coop dials, holds up his cellphone. Teo and Izzie look *  hopeful but it goes straight to voicemail --  Yo yo yo, you know what to do.  Coop jabs at his phone angrily. Hangs up. *  His phone always goes straight to  Mateo can’t help it –- he looks a teensy bit relieved. *  Izzie punches him in the arm. Hard. Mateo winces. *  Izzie gives Mateo and Coop a condescending pat. *  Leave Coach Jeffries to me, boys...  ANGLE ON COACH JEFFRIES sipping a green protein smoothie.  Izzie stalks up, determined. 30 COACH JEFFRIES 30  C’mon Coach, Logan’s sick. We need  time to find a replacement!  SLURP. Jeffries shakes his head. Izzie goes in for the kill.  BACK ON Mateo and Coop. They watch with shock as Izzie *  triumphantly marches towards them flashing a thumbs up. In  the B.G., Jeffries shakes his head with reluctant admiration.  Coop turns to Mateo and sighs, still bummed. *  CLOSE ON Logan.  --doomed.  WIDEN TO REVEAL Logan staring up at the ominous SHADOWKEEP.  He watches with mounting fear as Night Terrors slink through  the swirling mist. The Nightmare King, on his NIGHT MARE, is  welcomed home by his loud and boisterous Darkling army. As  Susan prods Logan forward with her spear, CUT TO:  At the kitchen table, Coop hangs up his cellphone and draws *  the last of a long line of red X’s on a class photo. *  WHIP to Mateo close to the wall, heading a soccer ball *  against it, <WHAP>. He is terrible but at least he’s trying. *  By the fridge, Z Blob pauses from squirting whipped cream  into his mouth to shrug. Bubbling with excitement, Izzie  enters carrying a box. She halts at the sight of her brother.  What’s he doing?  On cue, Mateo throws the ball a little too hard at the wall.  He misjudges the ricochet and WHOMP! It bounces off his face.  Izzie plonks the bix box onto the table and starts pulling  out dress-up clothes.  Mateo eyes a tutu skeptically as Izzie explains breathless: *  Coop gapes, Z Blob grins, Mateo panics. *  Mateo pulls out his trump card. *  DING-DONG. All eyes whip to the front door. Mateo steels *  himself, heads over. Coop turns to Izzie, raises an eyebrow: *  They both look at Z Blob, who shrugs. He’s in the dark, too.  At the door, Mateo takes a deep breath and opens it to reveal  ZOEY. Coop and Izzie fist bump without looking at each other.  Zoey cocks an eyebrow at them.  Hey Zoey! / Sooooo good to see you. *  Zoey rolls her eyes as Teo fumbles to pull out some sweaty *  ones as a tip. He blushes, embarrassed, when a cutesy Pokémon- *  style drawing of Z Blob falls out, too. He scoops it up. *  Uh, thanks for coming over Zoey.  Zoey thrusts the bag of tacos forward. Z Blob darts over, *  grabs the bag, and scarfs some tacos -- wrapper and all.  handle the heat? Mrs. C does NOT go *  easy on the jalapenos. *  Clearly distracted by his nerves, Mateo waves away her *  focused on the important stuff.  Embarrassed, Mateo lashes out: *  Dark Archer, right?  Zoey bristles, PISSED. She pulls the door shut -- SLAMMING it  in Teo’s face. He turns around, stricken. Izzie pats his *  shoulder, sympathetic.  Seeing Coop’s face fall, Mateo makes a snap decision. *  Izzie squeals with excitement, grabs a handful of clothes and *  yanks Z Blob offscreen.  Coop gives Mateo a relieved smile. *  Coop tries to stifle a grimace but doesn’t quite succeed.  Mateo groans as Izzie saunters into the kitchen, chuffed.  She steps aside, CLOSE ON Teo and Coop, whose eyes widen. *  REVERSE TO REVEAL: Z-Blob is still a small pile of slime *  except now he’s rocking a BERET, a SCARF and brandishing a *  BAGUETTE. <BLINK-BLINK> Even Izzie has to face facts -- *  <FRUSTRATED GROAN> This isn’t going *  to work, is it? *  replacement for Logan. *  The kids slump, defeated.  BLAARGH! As Z Blob yaks green-blob all over Teo, CUT TO -- *  The Nightmare King, perched insolently on his throne, surveys  the scene. Luna’s Hourglass sits on a pedestal in the middle  of the room. Logan (hands shackled) stands uncomfortably next  to the DARK ARCHER. Around them, Darklings push and shove,  jockeying for the best view of the Hourglass.  A scuffle breaks. A Darkling stumbles and bumps the pedestal  with the hourglass. It wobbles precariously before  stabilizing. Silence descends.  A beat. The NK nonchalantly swings his staff forward and --  <FRIGHTENED SQUEAL> *  BOOSH! A shadow bolt THUDS into the Darkling disintegrating  it into DREAM ETHER, which falls to the floor. The keep ROARS  with approval as the NK swirls the Dream Ether sand back into  his staff. Logan shuts his eyes, afraid.  The NK clocks Logan. Smirks arrogantly.  A dream chaser who doesn’t even *  know it’s impossible to wake in the *  Grim Realm? How pathetic. *  The Dark Archer steps forward, spreads his arms dramatically.  Behold! After many long nights of  searching, our dark lord has  finally obtained Luna’s Hourglass!  The Darklings cackle with glee as the NK slinks over to  receive the Hourglass. He smiles menacingly.  I’ll enjoy seeing the Castle one  The Nightmare King raises the Hourglass... The Darklings lean  forward in anticipation... Logan FLINCHES, anticipating the  shock wave about to hit. But then --  Nothing. The Hourglass stays dark and lifeless. The Dark  Archer gasps, surprised. Darklings cower as the Nightmare  King HOWLS in frustration. Turns on the DA, menacing --  I’m-I’m sorry. I thought it would-- *  Furious, the NK points his staff at the Dark Archer, who  winces, anticipating the worst...  BOOM! A shadow bolt STREAKS past the Dark Archer and EXPLODES  the Darklings’ smoothie bar in a shower of smoothie, sparks,  and dream ether.  PAN OVER to Snivel, Susan, and Sneak drenched in smoothie,  sniffling sadly.  As Darklings scatter, we CUT TO --  COACH JEFFRIES, STUDENTS, the WOLVES, JAY, and COOP’S FAMILY *  line the sidelines. On the street, Mrs. C’s Food Truck does  booming business. JADYN holds up a megaphone: *  WHIP TO Mateo and Coop on a bench looking a little green. *  Izzie considers the crowd, unfazed.  The boys groan and slump even further.  ANGLE ON Mrs. C, watching the boys intently from her perch in  the food truck. She whistles comically loudly. Zoey darts  back to the truck laden down with deliveries.  Mrs. C passes her a bag.  Three atomic tacos for Coach  Jeffries. And make it snappy, mija.  Zoey rolls her eyes before taking the bag and jogging off.  ANGLE ON our Dream Chasers. Mateo spots Zoey hustling past *  with the bag of tacos and leaps up.  Zoey reluctantly slows to a stop. Teo dives in: *  Zoey softens almost imperceptibly at Mateo’s apology. *  A pregnant beat. But Zoey’s not ready.  Mateo waits for a response but Zoey’s clearly distracted. *  From ZOEY’S POV, we see the Wolves hassling Coop and Izzie. *  DALLAS, their team Captain and a born bully, aggressively *  bumps Izzie and swipes one of the plushy keychains off her  Oblivious to what’s happening, Mateo rolls his eyes. *  Zoey gives Mateo a withering look before stomping past him. *  Teo turns, eyes widening at the scene... hustles after Zoey. *  ON Izzie, trying to grab her plushy keychain.  What’re you gonna do about it? Beat  Just then, he catches sight of Zoey marching menacingly up to  him and instinctively shrinks back. She gets in his face.  Stop picking on my teammates. *  It’s a toss-up over who is more stunned -- the Wolves or the *  Dream Chasers. Dallas gapes. Izzie squeals, ecstatic. *  Izzie plucks her plushy out of the still-stunned Dallas’ hand *  as Zoey pivots... stalks across the field to Coach  Jeffries... thrusts the bag of tacos at him.  Dream Chasers are ready whenever  OFF Coach Jeffries’ surprise, we CUT TO:  WIDE on a dank, oppressive dungeon. The light cast by  flickering torches barely penetrates the gloom.  PUSH IN on one cell bathed in shadows... through the bars  to... a lonely figure huddled in the corner. The sound of sad  sniffles echoes off the stone chamber.  to Logan. But not like we’ve ever seen him before. This Logan  is frightened, alone, and filled with doubt.  Suddenly, he hears rustling nearby. His head SNAPS up and he  looks around, scared.  But this is Logan, after all. And as the sound gets closer...  Logan slowly stands. Spots Sneak creeping closer. Eyes  glinting. Sneak growls. Lunges for Logan’s backpack.  Logan grabs the backpack. Total tug of war! Logan YANKS hard.  Sneak stumbles. THWAP! Sneak’s face jammed awkwardly against  the bars, eyes scrunched in pain.  My dude, you do not wanna test me.  But Sneak’s not giving up so easy. He YANKS hard. Logan  stumbles. THWAP! He gets plastered against the bars, eyes  scrunched in pain.  Logan opens his eyes to see --  Sneak about to slobber on him. Logan yelps, pushes off from  the bars YANKING on the backpack with all his might. But  Sneak anticipates the move and suddenly lets go!  As Logan tumbles head over heels, his hat goes flying. The  contents of the backpack -- pens, books, and a bag of chile  limón chips -- spill across the floor.  Sneak greedily reaches through the cell bars and grabs the  chips and Logan’s hat. He plops it on his head and swaggers  back and forth doing a pretty accurate Logan impression.  Logan almost cracks a smile, catches himself.  Logan holds out his hand for his hat back. Sneak considers  Logan’s offer, shakes his head no.  Logan lunges for it, but Sneak dances backwards.  With a sigh, Logan plops to the floor, draws his knees to his  chest pathetically.  Sneak readjusts the hat so the brim faces off to the side.  It’s ridiculous but kinda cute.  Actually looks pretty good on you.  Sneak puffs his chest, pleased. One hat and one bag of chips  richer, he turns to leave. Catches sight of Logan, forlorn...  SCHWOOP! Sneak opens the bag of chips. Cautiously thrusts the  bag through the bars to Logan, who looks at the chips, torn.  Sneak cocks his head, confused.  Logan scooches over to the bars. Grabs a chip but waits for  Sneak to grab one of his own. At the same time... CRUNCH. *  Sneak’s eyes widen in delight.  As Logan and Sneak happily munch on chips, we PULL OUT.  Camera flies through the dungeon... up a seeming endless  staircase... to the THRONE ROOM.  WINGED DARKLINGS swarm the corridors, flooding up and out of *  the ceiling, into the nightmarish sky. The Dark Archer  approaches the NK peering thoughtfully through his staff... *  REVERSE to reveal what the NK is so engrossed in -- Logan and  Sneak sharing chips far below! He laughs menacingly.  Archer realizes what the Nightmare King is saying. *  How do we get him to cooperate? The *  boy is willful. *  friend see that joining the Dark *  Army is his one true path... *  Off the NK’s confident smirk, we CUT TO -- *  CLOSE ON IZZIE scrunching her face awkwardly.  WIDEN TO REVEAL the DREAM CHASERS in a line-up, facing off *  against the WOLVES before the start of the game. *  Trying to mimic the stank-eye Zoey  Mateo clocks Zoey’s stank eye -- *  On the sidelines, Jadyn yells into a megaphone: *  Coach Jeffries, clearly unamused, steps between the teams. *  Let’s have a clean match everyone.  Captains, shake hands.  The Wolves Captain, Dallas, steps forward. Coop, Izzie, and *  Zoey look at Mateo. He starts, surprised. *  Teo steps forward, thrusts out his hand. *  Dallas stalks off to join his team’s huddle leaving Mateo *  hanging. Izzie pulls Mateo over, whispering to him -- *  Sees COOP’S FAMILY, STUDENTS, and TEACHERS awaiting the *  match.  Izzie pushes Mateo in front of Zoey and Coop. They look at *  him expectantly and he launches into what he thinks is GREAT: *  Zoey snorts. Coop shakes his head, bemused. As they take *  their positions at the half-line, Izzie leans in:  Bro... WORST pump up speech ever.  Off Mateo, wracked by nerves, we CUT TO -- *  An ominous grey fog shrouds the Shadowkeep. The sharp cries *  of NIGHT TERROR SENTRIES pierce the gloom. *  Logan’s eyes snap open and he sits up. Quickly taking in his *  status: alone in the dark, dank dungeon. Or maybe not... *  The NIGHTMARE KING slinks out of the shadows to lounge *  against the cell, nonchalantly. *  The NK dismisses that with a wave. *  The NK pushes off from the bars. *  With a wave of his staff, the NK disappears. Frustrated,  Logan PUNCHES the bars of his cell. BLAM! A beat. *  Logan slumps, defeated and upset. SNEAK (still rocking *  Logan’s hat) POPS up next to the bars, startling Logan. *  what my name is? *  Is it, “I’m gonna help Logan *  escape?” *  eyes everywhere. *  But Logan doesn’t sound so sure. Sneak whips out a bag, hands  it to Logan. He opens the bag. Takes a whiff.  Off the tentative bond forming between these two, we CUT TO --  The soccer game in full swing. The Wolves doesn’t just LOOK *  good in matching uniforms, they ARE good. Dallas steals the *  ball from Izzie. JUKES past Mateo. Coop races to stop him, *  but it’s too late. SWOOSH! GOAL. Mateo groans. * 148 COOPER 148 *  Mateo nervously nods, out of his depth. As play resumes, we *  launch into a series of QUICK CUTS:  -- Mateo grimaces as a Wolves player slide-tackles the ball  away from Zoey. Passes to Dallas, who SCORES. WHOOSH!  -- Z Blob, anxiously watching the action from his hiding spot *  in Teo’s backpack, grimaces as Teo passes to the other team. *  -- Mateo winces as Izzie THUDS to the ground after a vicious *  body-check from a Wolves player. *  -- Mrs. C, snoring peacefully, at her food truck.  -- The Wolves string together short passes. Mateo nervously *  backpedals as Dallas approaches, dribbling. He fakes, then *  passes the ball through Mateo’s legs into the goal. SWOOSH! *  As Coach Jeffries blows the whistle, END QUICK CUTS. 149 COACH JEFFRIES 149  woolly tough first half for the  CLOSE ON the SCOREBOARD: Wolves 3, Dream Chasers, 0. As Mateo *  watches his team walk dejectedly to the bench, CUT TO:  Logan, scared out of his wits, as he’s prodded forward by  Susan, holding a sharp spear. *  <SNARLS> Keep moving, dreamer. * 152 LOGAN 152  All of a sudden, Susan pushes Logan hard through a crowd of *  Darklings. He stumbles in front of the Nightmare King, seated  on his throne. The DARK ARCHER stands beside him.  Susan joins SNIVEL and SNEAK at the front of the crowd. 153 NIGHTMARE KING 153  That lands on Logan. Sensing a chink in the armor, the NK  drives home his point.  Logan bristles in the face of the truth.  The NK senses Logan wavering, plays his trump card.  Logan looks up sharply. *  A potent combo roils across Logan’s face -- shame,  indignation, temptation, desire. He comes to a decision:  Sensing a show, the Darklings cackle and draw closer.  The NK turns, scans the crowd.  Let’s see...  His gaze alights on Sneak. Machiavelli would be proud. At a  tiny nod from the NK, Susan and Snivel shove Sneak forward.  He and Logan share an uncertain glance.  Sneak wars with his emotions, then nods.  And yet... Sneak hesitates. Reluctant to destroy their  tentative bond. The NK hefts his staff menacingly --  THWIP! A shadowbolt THUDS to the ground forcing Sneak to leap  backwards. The NK pierces Sneak with a penetrating glare.  And yet... Sneak still hesitates. The NK whips around his *  staff... Logan starts, realizing they have no choice... *  THWAP! He sucker-punches Sneak! Ow! A beat... *  Sneak grins -- he can’t help but like this kid. *  SNEAK  Sneak charges Logan and bowls him over. Sends him skidding  across the floor. Darklings howl with approval as we CUT TO:  ON Mateo, watching Coop dribble by one of the Wolves. *  Suddenly --  WHAP! The Wolves CAPTAIN SLAMS into Coop, who THUDS to the *  ground. Coach Jeffries blows his whistle and runs over.  Free kick!  The Wolves captain smirks at Mateo as he hurries to help Coop *  up. Izzie and Zoey join them.  Sick and tired of the Wolves crap, Mateo loses it. *  Zoey, Coop, and Izzie grin -- actually pumped up! As Zoey *  goes to position the ball and Coop moves off toward the goal, *  Mateo pulls Izzie aside. *  Izzie pats him on the shoulder.  As Zoey prepares to strike the ball, she spots Mateo out of *  the corner of her eye -- waving his arms wildly and cawing  like a bird. The Wolves turn to stare. Hiding a smile, Zoey *  races forward --  KRAK! She kicks the ball into the air. Distracted, the Wolves *  scrambles. Coop tracks the ball and -- *  He CHILENAS the ball into the goal! SWOOSH! *  As the crowd goes wild, we --  Logan GROWLS with anger and CHARGES Sneak. But at the last  second, Sneak side-steps and Logan PLOWS into the GRIMHOLD!  From LOGAN’S POV, we look up to see... a GIANT FIST about to  SMASH DOWN! At the last second, Logan scrambles out of the *  way. But some of the Darklings in the crowd aren’t so lucky -- *  BOOSH! The Grimhold’s fist SLAMS down knocking Logan off his *  feet and SMASHING a couple of Darklings! They disintegrate *  into a pile of ETHER. Sprawled ignominiously on the floor, *  Logan watches in horror as the crowd cackles gleefully. *  Logan’s furious. He leaps to his feet, ROARS enraged!! *  CUT CLOSE on Logan as... THWUCK! He POPS into LO-LO, his BLUE *  BEAST FORM! Bulging biceps, built like an ox. Record scratch. *  The Shadowkeep STUNNED. *  WIDEN to reveal: Lo-Lo’s RIDICULOUSLY TINY!!! Half the size *  of Logan’s human form. The Darklings recover from the shock *  of his transformation and double-over with laughter. Total *  hysterics from the crowd, which only enrages Lo-Lo further. *  He snarls. The NK leans forward, intrigued.  This fight just got A LOT more interesting.  As Lo-Lo and Sneak circle each other warily, we -- *  Like a dog with a bone, Mateo is proving hard to shake. The *  Wolves captain is frustrated. *  He shoves Mateo down but ends up tripping over him and *  tumbling, too! Izzie flashes her brother a thumbs up as she *  dribbles past... she passes to Coop, who collects the ball... *  passes to Zoey, who JUKES past a Wolves player and -- *  KRAK! She buries the ball in the net! GOAL!  As Mrs. C snorts awake at the sound of loud cheers, we -- *  WHAP! BAP! BLAM! Sneak and Lo-Lo mid-fight. It’s not pretty --  more Pineapple Express than Rocky. As the two trade jabs and  kicks, the crowd ROARS their approval and we --  Coop dribbles circles around the Wolves players... spots *  Mateo open and passes... he sticks out his foot... the ball *  ricochets off awkwardly but Zoey’s got it. She sees Coop *  sprinting down the sideline... she passes... he collects the  ball... shoots and... GOALLLLLASO!  BLAM! A vicious punch sends Lo-Lo sprawling onto his butt.  Darklings cackle. Lo-Lo grabs Sneak’s ankles, tripping him  up. Sneak steps on Lo-Lo’s hand. He hisses and let’s go. 184 SNEAK 184  In response, Lo-Lo growls as we CUT TO --  Z Blob and the Sheep Week spectators bob their heads back and *  forth, following the tense action. Mateo encourages his team:  We got this! Just one more goal.  The Wolves players pass the ball back and forth playing keep- *  away from the Dream Chasers. The FEMALE WOLVES PLAYER kicks -- *  Izzie sees an opening. Darts forward to intercept the ball...  passes it to Coop, who collects if off his chest and quickly *  passes to Zoey, who dribbles down the field. Dallas sprints *  after her.  Zoey spots him approaching... looks around... sees Izzie  being guarded... Coop being guarded... Mateo racing down *  field. He’s OPEN. Makes a decision. Draws back her foot and --  KRAAK! She kicks the ball into the air...  ON MATEO, racing for the ball as it arcs through the sky. Z *  Blob covers his eyes... the spectators hold their breath...  FWOOM! Mateo HEADS the ball INTO THE GOAL! The silence is *  deafening until --  Coach Jeffries is so shocked, his whistle falls from his open *  mouth. He fumbles with it and BLOWS. TWEEEET! *  Total pandemonium. The crowd goes wild! Z Blob fist pumps. In  the middle of the field, Mateo stands still, stunned. Caught *  up in the moment, Zoey races over to give him a HUG. Izzie  and Coop join the fray, laughing and hugging. *  Realizing her ‘too cool for school’ persona is in jeopardy,  Zoey quickly recovers and steps away. But she can’t quite  hide her elation as we CUT TO --  CLOSE ON Lo-Lo’s face, scrunched in effort. WIDEN TO REVEAL  he’s got Sneak by the ankles! He swings him ‘round until --  BWOOSH! Lo-Lo launches him across the room!  BAM! Sneak hits the ground. Full of himself, Lo-Lo parades  around the room, hyping his audience. The capricious crowd  LOVES it! Visibly tired, Sneak rises unsteadily to his feet.  Spotting Lo-Lo’s back turned, Sneak charges. But Lo-Lo  anticipates the move. Uses Sneak’s momentum to flip him onto  his back --  WHAM! Lo-Lo leaps on Sneak and captures him in a chokehold.  The little Darkling TAPS OUT, exhausted. The crowd goes WILD!  The NK leans forward --  Finish him.  Sneak gasps as Lo-Lo’s eyes widen, shocked. The crowd  suddenly deathly quiet. The NK addresses Sneak innocently:  What use do I have for a Darkling  Lo-Lo tightens his grip. Sneak prepares for the worst --  THWUNK! Logan POPS back into human form. Breathing heavily, *  he releases Sneak. Locks eyes with the relieved Darkling. *  Logan turns to face the NK, defiant.  That lands. Nightmare King stares down Logan. Seething. *  Take him to the Fear Works... *  As the Dark Archer steps forward to seize a frightened Logan, *  Mateo, Izzie, and Coop walk along giddy from their win. *  I wish I could see the look on  Logan’s face right now!  over the shock of us winning  without him.  and tell him.  Mateo freezes mid-stride. It suddenly hits him -- *  A guilty look flashes across Izzie’s face but she quickly  smiles, covering. Coop grins, high-fives Mateo as we CUT TO -- *  Z Blob, Coop, and Izzie watch as Teo pulls the LOCATOR out of *  his backpack. *  Coop inspects the device -- it looks pretty rough. *  Mateo activates the Locator, which shudders to life. The kids *  struggle to contain their impatience as the Locator whirs,  whizzes, shoots sparks then...  BLAM! The Locator YANKS Mateo off his feet with a sharp TUG. *  Mateo picks himself up and grins. *  How are we gonna get there? *  Allow me, ladies and gentlemen... *  The group turns to see Izzie pointing at the DREAM BRIDGE *  DOOR materializing on the landing. *  The kids trade a look and then start forward. *  And as the unsuspecting group dashes off through the door, we *  linger... and notice the tell-tale signs of THE GRIM REALM *  manifesting around the door frame of the dream door... *  Mateo, Coop, Izzie, and Z Blob emerge from the Dream Door and *  hit the brakes as a GREY FOG closes in around them. *  Mateo checks the Locator -- still on target. He nods. The *  kids continue on blindly through the menacing fog. 209 IZZIE 209  seriously creeping me out.  Izzie reaches out to clutch Z Blob’s hand tightly. Mateo and *  Coop share a worried look as they inch through the eerie,  thick fog. Mateo double-checks the Locator.  Logan’s definitely with his Moms, *  AIYEE! They’re suddenly startled by a LOUD SHRIEK. The fog  dissipates to reveal...  The Shadowkeep looming ahead! A storm billows above. Night *  Terror sentries zig-zag across the sky. The kids gasp. Z Blob *  pulls Izzie’s hand across his eyes to block the view. *  The group slams to a stop. The reality of Logan’s predicament *  sinking in... *  never imagined... *  He can’t quite bring himself to say it. But Mateo does. *  FADE TO BLACK... END OF EPISODE *