 OPEN ON ZOEY, astride ZION, swooping over the landing. She  scours the horizon for Oz’ rocket ship bus. From her vantage  point, we see --  MATEO, IZZIE, Z BLOB, LOGAN and COOPER gathered together.  Logan looks up, locks eyes with her. Lifts a hand to wave,  then stops himself. Zoey swings Zion around, staying in the  air a little longer.  ON Mateo, clocking the hurt in Logan’s eyes. Logan feels his  gaze.  Logan stomps off. Cooper shrugs, follows Logan over to the  other side of the landing. Mateo turns to Izzie, confused.  What’s Logan’s problem?  Mateo can’t help it -- he perks up. Exchanges a hopeful  glance with Z Blob, who flashes an encouraging grin. Mateo  cocks an eyebrow at Izzie.  Izzie waggles her hands in front of her face mysteriously.  Mateo’s unsure whether to laugh or be worried. Zoey swoops by  overhead --  Mateo looks up and spots OZ’S ROCKET SHIP BUS as --  Music swells... and we HARD CUT TO --  MR. OZ, holding LUNA’S HOURGLASS, and ALBERT emerge from the  ship. Albert whistles loudly for everyone’s attention.  Huddle up. Let’s hear what Cooper’s  Oz hands the Hourglass to Cooper, who steps forward.  Albert waggles his eyebrows at Logan disapprovingly as Cooper  gestures to THREE RINGS at the top, middle, and bottom of the  Hourglass. Each ring is emblazoned with DECORATIVE IMAGES.  correct position and boom! Puzzle  Excited, Izzie hugs Zoey then does a little victory dance.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 3.  Oz and Albert look concerned but the kids are undeterred.  Cooper holds up the Hourglass -- the first ring is emblazoned  with letters, animals, flowers, etc. Mateo spots a MOON.  Cooper spins the first ring so the moon symbol is in front.  As it CLICKS into place, the hourglass GLOWS.  Mateo grins under Zoey’s praise. Logan glares. As everyone  starts throwing out guesses for the second ring (some of  which Coop tries but don’t work) --  But Mateo’s wheels are spinning -- maybe Zoey likes him.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 4.  Cooper spins the infinity symbol to the front of the second  ring. As it CLICKS into place, the hourglass GLOWS again.  Logan fist pumps. Peeks at Zoey for a reaction. She’s giving  him nothing. She studies the third ring...  Cooper high-fives Zoey... spins the third ring into place...  all the symbols line up... and the Hourglass suddenly BLAZES  with light!  Everyone shields their eyes... and then... all the sand falls  out! Cooper groans.  Our team deflates. Suddenly... WHOOSH! The sand zooms off  like a comet! As the others stare, stunned, Zoey leaps  astride Zion and takes to the skies.  Oz recovers first, races for the Rocket Bus.  After that sand, Dream Chasers!  As our team sprints towards the ship, CUT TO --  CLOSE ON MRS. CASTILLO snoozing peacefully at the window of  her food truck.  WIDEN OUT to reveal SEÑOR TORTUGA munching on a gingerbread  house as an annoyed GINGERBREAD COUPLE watch. Suddenly, the  couple catch sight of something O.S. and gape.  BAWOOSH! Oz’s rocket ship BLASTS by, blowing the gingerbread  couple off their feet. 32 GINGERBREAD MAN/GINGERBREAD WOMAN 32  Whoooaaaa! / Oh sugar!  Off Mrs. C undisturbed, snoring loudly, CUT TO --  Z Blob jiggles happily in his seat from the velocity of the  bus rocketing through the dream ether. DREAM REALMS pass by  the bus windows in a blur.  WIDEN OUT to reveal Mateo, Logan, Cooper, and Izzie in their  seats. Oz and Albert in front, manning the controls. Mateo  cranes his neck to see outside.  Logan unbuckles his seatbelt and stands. Awkwardly leans  across Mateo to look out.  OUTSIDE -- Zoey and Zion hot on the sand comet’s tail. They  bank left and right, following the comet’s every move.  Suddenly, WHOOSH! The sand comet flies straight up --  Oz jerks the controls sharply. Takes the bus vertical. Logan  tumbles down the center aisle, hits the bulkhead door. THWAP!  Z Blob shakes his head ‘no’ as we CUT TO --  An epic shot of Zoey, Zion, and the rocket ship bus streaking  through puffy pink clouds of Dream Ether after the sand  comet. As the sand zooms higher and higher, the clouds get  thicker and thicker until...  Oz and Albert peer out the window into a seemingly endless  layer of ominous, grey clouds.  chasing the geese?  ON Mateo and Z Blob, gazing intently out the window.  As if in answer to Mateo’s plea, the clouds part and we  suddenly see... CASTLE NOCTURNA!  It’s a CRYSTALLINE MEDIEVAL CASTLE towering over a barren  rocky realm. (Think Jim Henson’s Dark Crystal meets  Superman’s Fortress of Solitude.) The kind of place that  could only exist in the Dream World. The kids are awestruck.  Nearing the end of their long search, Oz and Albert beam.  Logan picks himself up off the floor to peer outside.  ON Logan, aghast.  REVERSE to reveal Castle Nocturna’s true state. Up close, the  crystalline castle’s walls are dirty, dull and overgrown with  THICK VINES. The place is dormant, uninviting, and creepy.  The sand swirls back into Luna’s Hourglass, settles inside.  Our team brightens. An expectant beat. Nothing happens.  His worst fears seemingly realized, Oz is overcome with  emotion. Albert places a comforting hand on his shoulder.  Zoey’s head snaps up.  As our team approaches Castle Nocturna, Z Blob ducks inside  Mateo’s backpack. Mateo reassures him.  Off Z Blob peeking out, apprehensive, DISSOLVE TO --  As the team enters the Hall, they look around, taking it all  in... dark shadows dot the edges of the room.  A long BANQUET TABLE in the middle is set for dinner but  covered in cobwebs. Dusty shields and tapestries decorate the  walls. The space feels eerie and dead.  Izzie catches sight of a LARGE HERALDIC TAPESTRY that piques  her interest. It’s of a strange animal that our keen-eyed  viewers will recognize as a MANTICORE -- head of a man, body  of a lion, and a tail with a prickle of sharp spikes.  Zoey rolls her eyes -- the talk of myths proving her point.  Our team heads over to Logan... peers into a dark alcove.  Recoils. Reveal the terrible tableau within -- CRYSTALLINE  DREAMLINGS frozen in terror.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 9.  The kids shuffle around. Afraid. Oz tries to hide it, but  it’s clear he’s shook, too.  Just then, the tapestries whip, disturbed by an eerie wind.  And then --  SNAP! The sound of a tail cracking like a whip. WHOOSH! A  poisonous QUILL streaks through the air --  SHUNK! The quill hits Oz and he turns to crystal!  Izzie points to the quill, horrified.  Before anyone can react, Zion catches sight of something  slinking through the shadows... takes off after it!  Zoey sprints after Zion. We hear the SNAP of a tail. Then  WHOOSH! A poisonous quill flies from the shadows and...  SHUNK! The QUILL pierces Zion’s side and he turns to crystal!  The rest of the team catches up with Zoey as she throws her  arms around Zion.  Logan goes to grab Zoey’s arm, stops himself. Pleads.  Zoey is reluctant to leave Zion, but Mateo pulls her away.  Panicked, the team races through large doors at the end of  the Great Hall and into...  A long hallway, grimy from years of neglect. Logan and Cooper  SLAM the doors shut. RAAAGHH! A giant roar echoes. The door  RATTLES with the force of something large but holds fast.  Logan opens his mouth to offer to help. Mateo beats him to  the punch.  BOOM! The door RATTLES again.  On cue, BOOOOM! A large PAW PUNCHES through the door,  narrowly missing Izzie’s head! Wood splinters fly!  They sprint away, desperate to put some distance between them  and the creature! All of a sudden --  KRAAAK! FWOOSH! The hallway breaks into several pieces that  SWING APART in different directions (think Hogwarts meets MC  Escher)! The kids stumble, trying to keep their balance. 76 MATEO/IZZIE/ZOEY/LOGAN/COOPER 76  WHOAAAAAA!  ON Zoey, as the piece she’s on tilts precariously, sending  her sliding towards the edge. She nimbly leaps from one piece  to another... trying to reunite with the others. But she’s  thwarted by the MC Escher-esque castle.  Zoey spots Logan, on a piece with Izzie, gesturing for her to  jump to him.  Zoey! Jump this way!  At the same time, Mateo, on a piece with Z Blob, whooshes  past, too. Waves for Zoey to join him.  Zoey’s eyes dart from Mateo to Logan. She runs, leaps --  WHAM! Knocks Mateo down. Lands on top of him!  From his prone position, Mateo sees Logan, crestfallen, as he  and Izzie are zoomed one way and Albert and Cooper another!  Zoey scrambles to her feet, pulls Mateo up. But before they  have a chance to even catch their breath --  SWOOSH! Their piece of hallway transforms into a circular  SLIDE. They WHOOSH around and around and down to --  THUD! Mateo, Z Blob, and Zoey sprawl to a stop on the floor  of a vaulted cellar. The detritus of eons of Dream Keepers –  chests, furniture, books, paintings – stacked everywhere.  Zoey jumps up to investigate.  As Zoey starts looking, Z Blob nudges Mateo towards Zoey --  go join her.  Playing matchmaker, Z Blob is insistent. Mateo relents,  hesitantly walks over to where Zoey is engrossed in pulling  items out of a chest.  Zoey scooches over, making room for Mateo to join him. Z Blob  flashes Mateo a grin. Off Zoey and Mateo searching together --  Albert and Coop rifle through shelves stuffed with books and  old-fashioned glass bottles full of mysterious colorful  liquids and preserved strange-looking creatures.  But uh-oh, they’re so focused, they don’t notice a glimpse of  TAWNY FUR pass by the open door. Albert cocks his head at a  faint rustle of wings.  Albert shrugs and goes back to his task -- pulling books off  the shelf. Reaching for a book, Coop gets a cobweb stuck in  his hair.  Albert drops the heavy tomes on a nearby table. Dust billows.  He starts rifling through their pages.  through themselves, Cooper.  On Coop, still wrestling with the cobweb. Flailing around, he  accidentally swipes a glass bottle off the shelf. Catches it  before it hits the ground.  At the same time that Coop turns to show Albert --  SNAP! The flick of a tail and... WHOOSH! A poisonous QUILL  zooms through the air and hits Albert, who turns to crystal!  WHIP TO Cooper, staring agog --  SNAP! WHOOSH! SHUNK! A quill lands in Cooper’s thigh. As he  turns to crystal, he drops the bottle...  It SHATTERS against the floor... the eerie wails of SIREN’S  SONG fill the air.  Off Cooper’s face, frozen in terror, we CUT TO --  Logan and Izzie creeping down the decrepit hallway. Busts of  former Dream Keepers line either side. They pause as the last  wails of the Siren’s Song reach their ears.  Izzie suddenly spots a bust of a young Luna adorned with a  CRYSTAL TIARA. Beelines for it.  Logan flinches as Izzie plucks the tiara off the bust,  ignoring him. Nothing happens. She flashes him a cocky grin.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 14.  Izzie swings around, startling Logan. She takes him by the  shoulders and shakes him.  Too late, Izzie realizes what she’s said. Logan deflates.  Logan sighs exasperated and stomps off down the hallway. As  Izzie hurries to catch up, CUT TO --  CRASH! Mateo and Z Blob are startled from their searching by  a plate smashing against the wall. They look over to Zoey,  fists clenched, clearly pissed off.  Zoey holds up another plate. Looks ready to hurl it against  the wall. Mateo rushes to stop her.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 15.  Zoey puts down the plate.  A thunderous ROAR freezes them in place. Scared. No way out.  Zoey gestures to a stack of large paintings leaning against  the wall. There’s a small space behind them. Zoey, Mateo, and  Z Blob dive for cover as --  SCREEEEEECH! CLAWS scrape against a wall...  Our trio huddle close... the scraping sound gets closer...  Zoey clasps Mateo’s hand...  He glances down. Terrified but ecstatic. He squeezes Zoey’s  hand, she squeezes back. It’s dangerous and romantic.  The clicking of CLAWED FEET pauses in front of their hiding  place. Our trio tense... fearing the worst --  WHOOSH! The sound of wings flapping away. Whew! A beat. Then  Mateo, Zoey, and Z Blob emerge, relieved. Mateo and Zoey’s  hands are still intertwined.  Zoey lets go of Mateo’s hand.  Mateo jerks back, flustered.  Zoey gestures to a portrait they were just hiding behind --  an idealized representation of the platonic love shared by  LUNA and MIGO. Luna gazes wistfully at Migo, who looks up at  her sweetly. (It’s done in the dreamy, art nouveau style of  Alphonse Mucha.)  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 16.  Mateo considers the painting, confused. 111 Zoey huffs, exasperated, as we CUT TO -- 111  Logan and Izzie step inside a round room -- shadowed and  dark. Izzie stops in her tracks and stares upwards, awed.  Logan takes in the room quickly, turns on his heel to leave.  Welp, I’ve seen all I need to see.  Logan, look.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 17.  Izzie grabs his arm and points upwards.  Logan tilts his head back. Gapes at an incredible sight --  The rotunda’s domed ceiling is constructed of gorgeous, multi-  colored STAINED-GLASS WINDOWS in the same dreamy style that  we saw in the painting of Luna and Migo.  [Note: The windows are dusty on the inside and obscured by  THICK VINES covering the outside of the dome. Barely any  light streams in through the glass.]  I have GOT to get a closer look.  Izzie darts over to a rickety staircase... starts climbing...  reaches a narrow walkway around the base of the dome.  Izzie wipes at a spot of dirt on the inside of one window.  Through the glass she suddenly spots --  A LEONINE EYE peering back at her. She gasps and flails  backwards, startled.  A loud ROAR shakes the glass. Izzie whips around.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 18.  Izzie races down the stairs to join Logan. But when they turn  towards the door --  RAAAGH!! The MANTICORE blocks their exit. And he’s a sight to  behold! The head and mane of a lion. The torso of a man.  Iridescent wings. He’d be stunning if his tail wasn’t  flicking ominously -- razor sharp porcupine quills glinting.  A beat. Then all hell breaks loose. The manticore SNARLS.  Whips his tail around...  Izzie dives out of the way. Logan POPS into his tiny blue  BEAST MODE and shrinks in size. WHOOSH! The quills barely  pass over his head!  Izzie whips out her hourglass, begins to dreamcraft... the  sand swirls into a giant ANIME-STYLE SWORD!  Izzie grits her teeth, hefts her sword, and charges! The  manticore releases another flurry of quills... Izzie whacks  the projectiles off-course like a badass martial arts master.  Lo-Lo breaks for the door as the manticore releases a fresh  onslaught of quills. Izzie’s sword is a blur... she keeps  advancing... until --  SHUNK! A quill pierces Izzie’s shoulder. She stares at it,  disbelieving --  Her sword clatters to the ground as she turns to crystal. As  the manticore flies after Lo-Lo, CUT TO --  Zoey, Mateo, and Z Blob cautiously enter the room. Zoey’s  eyes dart to Zion, still crystallized.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 19.  A booming ROAR splits the air. Zoey steps closer to Mateo.  Mateo steps closer to Zoey.  ON Mateo, feeling the intimacy of the moment... decides to  make a move... leans in for a kiss...  BOOM! The doors slam open. Lo-Lo sprints inside! The  manticore inches away. The manticore picks Lo-Lo up in his  claws... hurls him across the room!  Lo-Lo CRASHES onto the banquet table -- sends place settings  flying! Zoey races to his side, worried.  He shakes himself, POPS BACK into Logan.  Zoey and Logan stare at each other. Awkward.  Uh, guys... little help here?  WHIP TO Mateo and Z Blob, facing down an irate manticore.  Zoey and Logan spring into action. They snatch cutlery off  the table and hurl it at the manticore, drawing his  attention. The manticore flicks his tail... quills THWICK  straight for them!  Zoey flips out of the way. Logan dives behind a chair. THUNK!  THUNK! THUNK! Peers out to see a line of razor sharp quills  embedded in the chair.  On Mateo. He whips out his HOURGLASS and turns to Z Blob...  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 20.  Z Blob grins. Mateo dreamcrafts Z Blob into a NOBLE STEED.  Grabs a LANCE off the wall and leaps astride. Charge!  The manticore whips around to face them. GROWLS. Inches from  impact. Mateo thrusts the lance forward... the manticore  springs into the sky at the last second... the lance barely  misses him! As Mateo pulls up hard on the reins to bring Z  Blob around --  SLAM! Two clawed feet right to Z Blob steed’s side, sending  him and Mateo to the ground. Z Blob turns back to his regular  form.  ON Zoey wrenching a sword from one of the frozen Dreamlings.  She twirls it expertly.  Zoey races towards the manticore, dragging her sword along  the ground and sending up a shower of SPARKS. It’s badass.  It’s easy to see why Mateo and Logan are in love -- we’re all  a little bit in love with Zoey. She slashes and feints, her  sword is a blur... but the manticore parries her every move  until --  Zoey’s sword grazes the manticore’s side. He HOWLS in pain  and sweeps his wing around to knock Zoey off her feet!  From Zoey’s POV, we see the manticore advance... out of the  corner of her eye, she spots Logan racing towards her.  The manticore flicks his tail... a quill flies straight for  Zoey... Logan leaps and... SHUNK! Logan drops to the ground,  crystallized. Zoey’s face crumples in anguish.  As Zoey reacts to Logan getting turned into crystal, ANGLE ON  Mateo as he realizes -- Logan is the one Zoey likes.  But there’s no time to dwell on it. Mateo dreamcrafts a  barrage of arrows. THWICK! THWICK! They bounce harmlessly off  the manticore’s tough hide! And then --  SNAP! The manticore cracks his tail like a whip firing quills  like arrows. SHUNK! SHUNK! Mateo and Z Blob are turned to  crystal!  The manticore turns on Zoey -- last woman standing -- she  brandishes her CLOCK. But before she can wind time --  The manticore SNAPS open his wings, transitioning us to...  Zoey’s startled to find herself in a crystal cave (think  Fortress of Solitude meets funhouse Hall of Mirrors). Cold.  Disconcerting. Zoey stares at her reflection, which morphs  into the manticore. He is everywhere and nowhere, cajoling.  That lands. Zoey flinches.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 22.  The manticore is suddenly next to Zoey. He curls a wing  around her, persuasive.  The manticore gestures to where we see a silhouetted image of  a young Zoey holding hands with her parents. Zoey wavers,  clearly torn.  Zoey closes her eyes. We FLASH to: Zion nuzzling her; Izzie  hugging her; Cooper high-fiving her, Mateo huddling with her  behind the painting; and finally, Logan leaping in front of  her. She squares her shoulders and opens her eyes.  With a SNAP of the manticore’s wings, we transition back to:  The manticore gets in Zoey’s face. Menacing. Opens his mouth  to flash his fangs. Zoey tenses, anticipating the worst...  The manticore breaks into a HUGE GRIN. CLAPS his hands twice.  Air horn blasts. An explosion of CONFETTI. Zoey’s jaw drops  and she splutters as confetti rains down from the sky.  The manticore holds up his paw as if to say wait a sec. He  pulls a small voice modulator DEVICE off his neck. Crushes  it. Grins. Says in a much friendlier, higher-pitched voice:  Beats me.  The manticore envelopes Zoey in a hug! She stares, dumb-  founded as KRAAAK! The crystal encasing Mateo, Logan, Oz, and  Z Blob breaks apart. It’s their turn to stare, stunned.  Zion shakes himself, sending crystals TWINKLING to the  ground. Spotting the manticore, Zion growls and charges!  Zion slams to a stop. To everyone’s amazement, the manticore  scratches Zion -- and he actually likes it! Zion flops onto  his back for a belly rub.  That unlikely sight greets Albert, Cooper, and Izzie, who  race in, looking for a fight. Come up short at the scene.  Everyone stares, incredulous, as the manticore starts  enthusiastically shaking hands.  The manticore shakes Z Blob’s hand so exuberantly it sends Z  Blob bouncing up and down.  The manticore moves on to Izzie, who grins.  Phil gazes around at the sorry state the castle’s in.  He gestures to the Dreamlings, still frozen in crystal.  Phil ROARS but all that emerges is a tiny puff of smoke. It  fizzles without a spark. Oz claps him on the back.  Our team watches as Oz bends over to examine the floor of the  Great Hall. He wanders aimlessly searching...  ANGLE ON Mateo. He clocks Zoey sneaking a glance at Logan  standing off to the side. Mateo sidles over to have a quiet  conversation with Zoey.  Zoey fidgets, clearly torn.  Zoey and Mateo exchange a smile -- it’s not romance but it is  friendship and for now, it’s good enough.  ANGLE ON Logan, surprised to see Zoey walk up to stand close  beside him. She bumps his shoulder, playfully.  LEGO 07/12/21 "The Worthy Dreamer" 26.  Logan grins like a doofus.  ON Mateo watching them. Z Blob reaches up to clasp Mateo’s  hand sweetly. Nearby, Phil declares loudly:  Just then --  Aha! Found it.  Oz wipes the dust off an octagon shaped TILE in the floor.  It’s decorated with a large SUNBURST. He presses down on the  middle of the sun and --  THWUNK! With a grinding of GEARS... the entire tile FLIPS  OVER! It rotates to reveal...  A beautiful, crystal DAIS decorated with STARS and MOONS.  Atop the dais rests a gorgeous, grand THRONE. Befitting a  ruler of the Dream World. Our team lets out a startled GASP.  Oz picks up Luna’s Hourglass. Gestures to an HOURGLASS shaped  INDENTATION in the throne.  Oz holds the hourglass out to Mateo.  Mateo looks around at his friends. The fact they’ve gotten  this far a testament to their strength as a team.  Oz passes Mateo Luna’s Hourglass. The kids approach her  throne. Mateo slots the hourglass in. Together, Mateo, Izzie,  Cooper, Zoey, and Logan rotate the hourglass 180 degrees...  As the sand starts to drain, a BEAM OF LIGHT shoots up from  the top of the hourglass!! Our team stares in awe. CUT TO --  The beam of light blazes brightly penetrating the grey dream  ether all around the castle. As the light hits the clouds,  they dissipate until the sun shines brightly on Castle  Nocturna slowly coming back to life!  Vines recede, dirt disappears, the dingy walls regain their  luster until...  We finally get to see Castle Nocturna in all its glory. It’s  a translucent, iridescent crystal fairy tale castle!  The sound of CHEERS erupts as we CUT TO --  The interior of the Great Hall is transformed. It glitters  and glistens. Gold and white pristine banners hang from the  ceiling. Our team gazes in wonder. The Dreamlings shake free  from their crystal prisons.  Phil ROARS his approval, letting loose a blast of FLAME that  forces everyone to dive for cover!  As our team pick themselves up, the Dreamlings chitter  excitedly and dog-pile Phil. Izzie excitedly joins the fray.  Izzie leans in, all ears. But Albert clears his throat and  steps forward, serious.  Albert’s right. The sooner we  Izzie grins, excited to drop a bombshell.  Off her cryptic announcement, we PUSH IN on Logan’s HAT where  -- unbeknownst to our team -- the Nightmare King’s EYE  TRACKER blinks ominously.  As the DARK ARCHER looks on, the NIGHTMARE KING projects an  image from his staff:  Our team... gathered together in Castle Nocturna...  As the DARK ARMY lets out an unholy cheer, we CUT TO BLACK...  END OF EPISODE