 With Albert trapped in the dream world, Oz is acting  funny. So he’s not able to intercede when Chief Inspector  Strick captures zBlob. As the gang heads into the dream  world to save Albert and their schoolmates, Mateo goes  off on his own to free his buddy from the Observatory.  Everyone ends up reunited however in a massive battle  aboard the Nightmare King’s flying airship.  Written by  CLOSE ON A YEARBOOK. We see Mateo’s classmates. He goes down  the line, circling various faces. He finally gets to a photo  of Jayden, the kid we know is being tormented by the  Nightmare King. He circles that one. And now we know what  he’s doing. He’s making a list of all the kids in trouble.  Mateo looks up to see Izzi watching him. They exchange a  silent nod acknowledging the stakes of the game.  QUICK SUIT-UP SEQUENCE  Sam throws the yearbook into his backpack.  Izzi throws her stuffed bunny in hers.  ZBlob jumps in and gives him a thumbs up.  Straps on. Shoelaces pulled tight. They’re ready to roll.  Izzi and Mateo silently walk down the streets. As they pass a  brownstone, Coop walks out and joins them without a word. A  few more steps and Logan pops out of his building and joins  them too. Like West Side Story, or something out of The Wild  Bunch, they quietly join the posse and head off down the  They pass Mrs. C’s taco stand as she’s closing up. She  watches them go, a glimmer of awe in her eye at these growing  dream warriors.  Mateo, Coop, Izzi, and Logan walk up only to find Zoey  waiting there for them.  Zoey. What are you doing here?  being a dream chaser.  She pushes the door to the observatory open only to find...  Loud punk rock music is playing. Oz is covered in a rainbow  of colorful splatters as he throws up a giant graffiti mural  on the side of the lab. It’s like he’s turned into an over-  enthused Venice beach hipster. His id is running wild,  unrestrained by his rational mind, he’s flitting from one  sensorial experience to the next without rhyme or reason.  life in your eyes. I can FEEL it  hungry? Who’s hungry? I made  Wait a minute. You said Albert is  basically half of Oz’s mind, right?  So now that he’s captured...  He’s missing half his personality.  Oz runs up to zBlob, sticks his fingers into the goo,  obsessed with the texture. Giggling as it jiggles.  They spin to find AGENT STRICK! She quickly throws a glass  cloche over zBlob, capturing him into a containment tube like  a specimen. He’s been caught at last.  somewhere!  take zBlob!  anywhere... until you’ve tried this  world and the waking world. To  prevent nightmares from crossing  Beat.  She looks over to see Oz making a sand castle out of the rice  in his paella dish. She shakes her head.  The kids walk away.  This is awful.  the badges! I bet they were super  ZBlob? What about Jayden and the  Everyone looks to Mateo.  He keeps glancing back to the observatory. Clearly distracted  by zBlob’s absence. Like Dumbo without his feather.  rescue Albert. Once he’s free, Oz  goes back to normal, and then he  his buddy. IN  But he keeps looking back at the observatory, still missing  Izzi is doing warm-up stretches with Bunzai bunny. Getting  ready for the night.  Okay. Is everyone ready?  Wait. Mateo’s not here yet.  Did he go to bed at the same time  Well, now that I think of it, he  They start heading out. Izzi wonders where he brother could  be.  zBlob in his bell jar are sitting on a pedestal, a bunch of  high tech equipment pointed at him. Strick is studying him,  watching him change forms while a computer spits out a screen  full of data. 47 AGENT STRICK 47  fabric of reality. Have a look at  She turns to see Oz trying to teach himself how to juggle.  She sighs and turns back to her work.  But there, in the window behind her, we see MATEO! He’s  crawled up the outside of the observatory and is peeking  inside, whispering to Oz.  A young unaware dreamer, TOBY, is cowering in a tree, holding  on to dear life while below him, two nasty little darklings  are circling, like wolves.  ON A NEARBY PERCH, Zoey, Coop, Izzi, and Logan are watching.  plan? How do we save him?  DOWN BELOW, we see a few more darklings have showed up and  are chopping down the tree with a big ax. One final crack and  the tree slowly buckles and falls.  This doesn’t feel right.  Izzi watches them haul Toby off. Zoey climbs onto the back of  Zion.  Agent Strick eyeballs a monitor intensely. Fiddling with some  knobs.  ON THE SCREEN, the scan fills in line by line until Strick’s  looking at an x-ray of a human skeleton tucked into a ball.  She’s confused, pops up from behind her computers to see Oz  is crammed into the bell jar, not zBlob.  Strick sees Mateo and zBlob standing triumphantly in the  doorway of Oz’s lab.  With that he taps the control panel and the high tech  security door whips shut. Now she’s trapped inside the lab,  just like Oz was a few episodes ago.  She fumes. IN  Toby is dragged in and thrown into a fantasy style wooden  cage. Next to him, a series of crude cages with more kids in  them. And inside one, we find... ALBERT.  Out of the top of a nearby tree, we see Zoey’s head pop up.  The other kids peek out too. They spot Albert and the others.  Paydirt!  Okay. Here’s what’s next. You wait  here. I’ll go down and break out  Albert. While those darklings are  Wait... look at that!  He points to the horizon where we see a massive shadow  emerging from the clouds.  IT’S A HUGE AIRSHIP that looks a lot like MR. SHARKFACE. It  lumbers across the sky, heading towards them.  The darklings on the ground wave it in for a landing. That  must be where they’re taking the kids, up to the airship!  Izzi gasps at the sight of her beloved stuffed animal turned  into this flying fortress.  plan. That thing is filled with  She hops on Zion, and they jet off to rescue Albert, leaving  the others waiting in the tree. 72 LOGAN 72  her plan? IN  They kids look at each other indecisively.  Albert is complaining to one of the darklings who have him  locked up in his rustic old cage.  with some more comfortable  The darkling just rattles the cage, snarling at him. Albert  rolls his eyes.  The darkling raises an eyebrow, turns around just in time to  see ZOEY CHARGING FULL BLAST AT HIM.  The darklings sound the alarm, and in a split second, the  flying creatures grab the other cages and drag the kids up to  the airship.  Coop, Izzi, and Logan see this unexpected turn.  They all race down to help.  Zoey fights to free Albert, but she’s outnumbered. She  dispatches two or three darklings. She’s got a clear path to  Albert’s cage when suddenly,  MORE darklings land from the sky in her path. She can’t reach  him now. And what’s worse, two more darklings swoop in, hoist  up Albert’s cage and start flying off with it.  The darklings swarm Zoey and Zion, getting them pinned down.  They can’t do anything.  Suddenly, LOGAN’S MONSTER FORM, LOLO comes charging in. He  plucks the darklings off and throws them over the trees.  Snarling like a wild animal the whole time. The other  darklings scatter and LOLO transforms back into Logan as the  other dreamchasers rush up.  But it’s too late. The last of the darklings and cages take  to the sky, all headed to the Sharkface airship.  Zoey hesitates, staring up at the imposing airship.  I... I’m not sure...  Mateo emerges behind them, zBlob on his shoulder.  zBlob first. I was wrong. I’m  lost. The whole thing went  sideways.  He nods to zBlob, our lovable amorphous gooball. Mateo closes  his eyes and conjures zBlob into an upgraded version of the  quadcopter mode we saw previously. Clearly, Mateo’s  dreamcrafting is getting better.  The gang all climbs aboard. Everyone but Zoey.  So Mateo and his friends, riding an amazing ‘zblob aircraft,’  shoot off towards the Nightmare King’s Sharkface Airship,  A quiet beat. The griffin nudges Zoey.  We cut back to the lab where we find Strick yelling into an  an airduct where the cover has been pried off.  Agent Strick grinds her teeth at this knucklehead.  On the surface, the dream creatures of this realm are running  for their lives, fleeing in terror and chaos as the Sharkface  airship skims across the tops of trees, knocking them to the  ground. The Nightmare King’s presence is wreaking havoc on  this world, as it does everywhere it goes.  But beneath it all, Mateo and his crew slowly skim behind,  flying stealthily in Sharkface’s wake. They fly up to its  belly. There’s a hatch they can get in.  Just a little closer! A little  closer!  Logan taps him on the shoulder and points up. They look to  see A DARKLING CANNON AIMED OVER THE SIDE, POINTED RIGHT AT  THEM.  They fire! BOOM! The zBlob ship disappears in an explosion of  dream sand.  The darklings look over the railing, snickering, satisfied  that they’ve taken care of the dreamchasers.  But as we hover there, we discover zBlob has turned into a  rope ladder and is hanging from the belly hatch, with the  gang climbing up and inside, undetected.  The gang tumbles out into a greasy engine room.  Coop is peeking out the door where we see row after row of  darklings marching by.  Mateo looks at his sister with a coy smile.  Nothing but darklings, eh?  A head pops out of the steel door cautiously. It’s Izzy, but  she’s wearing some kind of DARKLING COSTUME she dreamcrafted.  It’s not half bad.  one doing this?  She looks back to see the other guys’ attempts at costumes.  They’re ridiculous.  She takes a deep breath and steps out into the hallway where  she immediately comes face to face with a darkling.  Watching from the door, Mateo bites his lip, worried it won’t  work, but apparently, the darkling doesn’t seem to notice.  The creature turns and heads down the hall as a row of more  crew members file in behind Izzi, forcing her to keep moving.  She looks back at Mateo, giving him a questioning shrug.  Mateo motions for her to follow them.  CONTINUOUS  Mateo closes the door, returning to Coop and Logan.  He pulls a grate off of a big pipe, spinning his trusty dream  wrench proudly.  Izzi marches along with the other darklings as they enter a  large cargo bay. As they come to a halt, she keeps walking  and bumps into the one in front of her.  She looks around and finally finds what they came here for.  ALL THE KIDS TRAPPED IN CONTAINERS. Rows and rows of pipes  are sucking their creativity out and filling jar after jar  with dark dream magic. Izzi is shocked at this strange  ‘factory line’ dream machine.  A darkling nudges her to keep moving. She’s forced to fall in  with the rest of the ‘troops’  We drift away from Izzi and up to a  He’s surveying the operation. One of the darklings is  TAUNTING A CAGED ALBERT in the background while their boss  paces.  The Dark Archer stands at attention, seething at the dressing  The Nightmare King looks out with greedy eyes at the vast  ‘factory floor’ of his airship where he eagerly watches jars  and jars filled with dark dream magic from these poor  children.  The boys are shimmying on their hands and knees. Single file  inching down the thick steel pipe.  talk about how tough she is and at  the first sign of trouble, she  bails.  is the way to her heart.  They pause by an air vent. Outside, we see the Dark Archer  pass by.  CONTINUOUS  The Dark Archer leaves that hallway and enters the Nightmare  King’s personal study. The private lair of our villain,  filled with strange dream artifacts. But at the center of it  all, his primary talisman... HIS JEWELED STAFF. The Dark  Archer approaches, gazes into the crystal.  A swirl of dark dream magic. The swell of magical music. The  glow of mystical light from this magnificent gem finally  materializes to reveal...  A BUTT.  We realize the image on the gem is showing us the view  through Logan’s hat, which happens to be currently pointed at  Mateo’s read end as they shimmy down the hallway.  Wait a minute... that looks like...  They’re in the vents!  He rushes out.  We move past cage after cage. The children are tired, weary.  We finally find a familiar face. It’s Jayden.  Izzi in her darkling costume sneaks up.  Jayden snaps to attention. Looks closer to see it’s really  her.  The Dark Archer runs in, grabs the nearest darkling he can  find.  A squad of darklings fan out, making their way across the  room where they will soon find Izzi.  Izzi sees all this, panics.  She scurries away. Slinks along the cages, trying not to be  found when she bumps into someone.  But she sees... it’s just Mateo, Logan, and Coop.  Izzi dashes off.  Mateo, Coop, and Logan all start springing open cages.  Grateful kids start rushing out.  But the darklings are soon on them. One by one our heroes  take them out.  Logan morphs into Lolo and starts hurling darklings like  A darkling charges zBlob but he just SWALLOWS the thing,  absorbing it into his blobby body. The darkling is floating  there unable to move. A muffled scream as it throws a futile  fit.  Coop uses his wrench to open a cage when a darkling corners  him. Thinking fast, he spins a bolt and BOOM the cage door  falls down on top of the darkling, squishing him.  CONTINUOUS  Up on the catwalk, we find Albert watching from his cages.  Izzi rushes in and unlocks his cage letting him out.  matted from all this confinement.  Izzi’s transfixed by a small room just off the catwalk.  It’s a small engine room with one strange thing set inside  it. Accented like a small shrine. It’s a child’s tooth. Izzi  is stunned to silence as she slowly approaches the glowing  pillow. He had a pocket for the  fairy forgot to take it.  Izzi is moved to deep emotion, staring into this remnant of  her childhood. Albert gently takes her shoulders.  A tear rolls down Izzi’s cheek. She nods with strength. And  her and Albert dash off.  The kids all run onto the deck. Mateo, Coop, and Logan  leading the freed kids, including Jayden and Toby.  Izzi joins them with Albert.  But once they’re up there. The darklings pour onto the deck,  circling them. Followed by the Nightmare King himself, with  the Dark Archer behind him.  WHOOSH. ZION BUZZES THE AIRSHIP. The darklings scramble.  Chaos as this new threat arrives.  her mind. Cause that’s what good  leaders do.  Zion lands on the deck, Zoey on its back.  But before they can, the Dark Archer dreamcrafts a NET GUN.  He fires it and a rope net wraps around Zion, totally  capturing him. Zoey spills to the ground next to him. Our  heroes run up to her.  ZOOM. Everyone looks up to see Oz’s rocketship cruising in  alongside them.  Agent Strick is at the helm.  Oz! Get the grappling cannon ready!  Behind her, we find Oz hanging on the side of a giant  grappling hook. The wind ripping through his hair. He’s  straddling the giant ‘fish hook’ painting flowers on the  outside.  PFOOOM! THE GUN ACCIDENTALLY FIRES, with OZ ON IT! He rides  it like a rocket through the air where it finally...  ...PUNCHES A HOLE IN THE DECK OF SHARKFACE. The rope pulls  taught.  Oz tumbles off and lands next to Albert.  Hm. Where exactly are we?  Agent Strick pulls back on the yoke. The rope tightens. She  starts pulling one side of the deck up, and SHARKFACE STARTS  TO TIP OVER.  Things start sliding across the deck. The Dark Archer and the  Nightmare King have to duck behind the wheelhouse to hang on.  The rescued kids start sliding towards the edge.  Coop uses his dream wrench to cut Zion loose. He and Zoey  grab the freed rope net and fling it at the kids, giving them  something to hold onto.  The darklings aren’t so lucky, they slide off the deck and go  tumbling to the forest canopy below.  The kids all make their way to the grappling hook and start  pulling themselves across to the rocketship.  With Zion free, Zoey hops on his back and starts helping kids  climb on there too.  Strick is helping the last of the kids off the rope and into  the ship.  The Nightmare King isn’t going to let his prey get away so  easily. He claws his way up the slanted deck, gets to the  grappling hook. He swings his magical staff AND SLICES THE  ROPE.  The airship heaves over.  With the tension cut loose, the rocketship swerves wildly,  and Strick tumbles out of the door into open air.  In a moment of terror ala Hans Gruber in Die Hard, she feels  her stomach go weightless as falls. She screams in terror and  then... LANDS in a green sticky substance.  She finds herself INSIDE OF A ZBLOB BUBBLE, floating in the  air below. zBlob saved her. He floats back up to the rocket  and pops, leaving her covered in green ooze, but grateful.  Oz is back at the helm, Albert at the second stick. They’re  back in their full faculties.  And with that, they blast off away from the airship. Safe at  last.  The dreamchasers watch as their friends run and play at  recess. Smiles on all their faces. We catch Jayden tossing a  football and laughing.  Mateo is watching when he feel someone over his shoulder.  It’s Agent Strick. Mateo gulps.  don’t let him fall into anyone  Mateo beams. Reaches into his backpack to ‘pet’ his buddy.  Izzi slides up to Zoey, who’s watching all the rescued kids  play on the playground.  She smiles.  She bolts up to go. Pauses.  Zoey thinks.  Wide on the playground as Izzi chases after Agent Strick. The  dreamchasers watch their friends play happily against the  warm sunlight.