 Nathan Shepherd & Melissa G. Shepherd  We come in on the window to Mateo and Izzie’s room.  Izzie sits on the floor, feeding spoonfuls of Jello to Z Blob  as Mateo paces around. Mateo draws a picture of the Grimhold  on his tablet and shows it to Izzie --  Mateo grabs his backpack and tosses it on his bed. Picks up Z  Blob and puts him up there too. Mateo laughs when Izzie grabs  her own backpack and shoves PLUSHIE TOYS and snack food in.  Izzie gives Bunzai and Mr. Sharkface a hug before putting  them in, too. Then stops...  Mateo turns to face Izzie.  tells me not to overthink it?  Izzie smiles reluctantly. Climbs into bed with her backpack.  Mateo looks over and sees Z Blob trying to eat more homework.  Mateo shakes his head. Flops onto his bed to stare at the  ceiling. We push in on his eyes closing and DISSOLVE TO --  Mateo opens his eyes and finds Izzie staring down at him.  Izzie drags him out of bed.  Mateo sees they are back in the Dream Landing. He checks his  backpack - Z Blob climbs out and perches on his shoulder.  Izzie excitedly grabs her backpack and pulls out Mr.  Sharkface and Bunzai, her plushies that have... remained  stuffed animals.  She frowns. Puts them back in her backpack.  Mateo gazes at the other Dream Realms floating in the Ether.  Their bedroom door swings open to reveal the strange BRIDGE  again.  Izzie bounds towards the bridge. Mateo sighs and chases  after.  Mateo emerges from the Warp Bridge, his legs wobbly as he  looks back at the Dream Gate closing up behind him.  Still not used to that...  Mateo turns around to see Izzie fearfully pointing at the  SQUAD OF DARKLINGS slowly encircling them, snarling and  cackling.  The Darklings part as a fearsome NIGHTMARE VEHICLE rumbles  forward - all spikes and cages, and belching smoke. Mateo’s  eyes grow wide as he sees the driver atop the vehicle come  into view - the Night Hunter...  Run!  Mateo and Izzie run towards a FAIRY TALE VILLAGE as the pack  of Darklings chase behind. The once vibrant landscape appears  faded now, the horizon grows dark and cloudy...  The kids rush through a giant mushroom GATE HOUSE and into  the main street of the village. DREAM CREATURES flee in all  directions - disappearing into gingerbread houses, crooked  towers, or fanciful shops, and slamming their doors.  BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! The ground shakes beneath their feet.  A GRIMHOLD stomps into the village from the opposite end.  Cooper clings to the bars of the cage.  Mateo?!  The Night Hunter and his Darklings roar through the  gatehouse, cutting off any escape. Archer stands atop his  vehicle.  So glad to see you here, Mateo!  The Night Hunter works a lever atop his vehicle. A metal CLAW  CATCHER swings out menacingly.  Hunter’s words echo in Mateo’s mind as he stumbles, falling  to the ground... contents of his backpack spilling... pens,  school work covered in doodles, scattered everywhere.  Mateo’s ears ring with the echo of the Hunter’s words... He  looks for Z Blob - finds the little guy on the ground amidst  the scattered papers, pointing to something in particular...  Mateo’s eyes narrow... realization washing over him... He  scrambles to his feet... Reaches out, plucking something from  the ground... Quickly spinning to confront the oncoming  Darklings and brandishes --  His drawing pen... The Darklings burst out laughing.  The Darklings stalk forward. Mateo clenches his eyes shut...  Suddenly the scattered drawings begin to swirl on the ground,  stirred up by some unseen GUST of energy...  Izzie watches in amazement as the swirl builds... scattered  drawings forming a successive blur - like a zoetrope  depicting Mateo pulling a sword and holding it aloft...  Her gaze darts to Mateo as his arm quivers... eyes still  clenched... the pencil in his hand begins to radiate... DREAM  ETHER swirling around it and --  Mateo opens his eyes as the pen transforms into a mighty  sword!  The Night Hunter's jaw drops.  Impossible...  The Darklings skid to a halt.  Is he?  Mateo flashes a grin of courage as he flourishes the sword.  The sword continues growing, turning into a GIANT WEAPON that  nearly topples Mateo over as it THUDS into the ground!  Hunter shoots his claw catcher towards Izzie! The metal  contraption just missing as it clangs to the ground. Izzie  darts away from the Darklings and jumps onto --  THE CLAW - running up the arm and onto the Hunter’s nightmare  vehicle as the Darklings scamper up after.  WHAM! WHAM! Izzie kicks out with anime-inspired martial arts  moves she’d practiced, sending a couple Darklings flying off.  Mateo struggles to pull the massive sword out from the  ground. Finally gets it dislodged, but the momentum swings  the sword over his head, as he holds on for dear life and --  WHAM! He strikes a pair of oncoming DARKLINGS as the sword  THUNKS in the ground again. Z Blob grunts a warning.  Z Blob grunts again. Mateo’s brow furrows as a thought  coalesces in his mind but --IZZIE SCREAMS! Breaking Mateo’s  concentration. He glances to --  her towards an open cage just waiting for an occupant...  Izzie fishes around in her backpack...  And pulls out MR. SHARKFACE, her plushie. The DARKLING in the  lead, Sneak, bursts out laughing. Reaches his hand out like  he’s going to pet the plushie.  Awww, look at the cute little  The Darklings all laugh... Until Mr. Sharkface transforms  into an ACTUAL SHARK!  Izzie struggles to hold onto his tail as his jaws snap  wildly, crunching down on Sneak’s arm! He howls in pain! His  Darkling brethren hysterical with laughter as they double  over and fall off the Nightmare Vehicle.  Izzie loses control of Sharkface... the creature continuing  to grow, sprouting monstrous legs...  The Darklings run as Mr. Sharkface advances on them, crashing  into each other, helmets and shields flying everywhere...  Hunter draws his crossbow and takes aim --  A wild Sharkface runs right towards Hunter as --  THE GRIMHOLD reaches down with its claw. Mateo’s gaze darts  from Z Blob, to the discarded Darkling armor, to the sword  stuck in the ground and --  With a swirl of Dream Ether, Z BLOB transforms into a hulking  GREEN KNIGHT... plucks the sword from the ground... The  Grimhold’s claw swinging down and --  CLANG! The Grimhold rears back in pain! The collision  instantly transforming Z Blob back into blob form and the  sword shrinks back to a pen. Mateo picks himself up from the  ground, staring in awe.  Z Blob points to his mouth.  The Grimhold scoops up Mateo by the leg. He dangles upside  down as the beast carries him, hanging on to Z Blob for dear  life.  Mateo looks at Cooper, sees the lock on the Grimhold’s cage  and gets an idea...  Suddenly Z Blob shrinks down into a little green KEY.  Mateo tosses the Z Blob key... Cooper catches it, surprised  to see Z Blob’s face on it. He shrugs, scrambles to unlock  the cage as --  Sharkface jumps into the Night Hunter’s path, nearly biting  him and throwing off his aim. Hunter’s bolt ricochets off the  Nightmare Vehicle and hits the Grimhold!  The beast HOWLS in pain! Dropping Mateo who lands on the  ground as Cooper drops down beside him with a THUD! Z Blob  rolls to the ground next to him, back in his blob form.  Mateo reaches his hand out to Cooper...  The Grimhold flails around in a frenzied attempt to dislodge  the Hunter’s bolt. Darklings scatter. Hunter tries to rally  them.  Mateo scoops up Z Blob and runs towards Izzie. The kids flee.  Veering away from the frenzied Grimhold as it swipes out --  WHAM! Mr. Sharkface gets smacked into a building. Immediately  transforming back into a plushie.  Izzie suddenly stumbles, like she was struck too. She looks  back to where Mr. Sharkface lies on the ground.  Hunter looms over Mr. Sharkface, who falls under the spell of  Mr. Sharkface gets warped and combined with the nightmare  vehicle... transforming into a new creation - part shark,  Izzie shrieks. Stumbles again as if in pain. Mateo helps her  up.  Hunter leaps up to the controls. The Sharkface Vehicle  lurches forward, jaws snapping and spewing black smoke as we  The kids race through an Enchanted Forest. Mateo looks over  his shoulder to see the Night Hunter and his Darklings hot on  their tails, riding atop the Sharkface Vehicle.  They burst from the treeline and see the edge of the realm  coming up fast. Waterfalls cascade off the edge, disappearing  into the Dream Ether below. The kids skid to a halt.  Cooper gazes out at other Dream Realms floating in the  distance...  A squad of DARKLINGS scurries out of the woods, followed by  the Night Hunter atop his Sharkface Vehicle.  What do we do now?  The kids back away from the Hunter and his Darklings. But  they have nowhere left to go. The Darklings close in... And  suddenly the air fills with the sound of a ROCKET ENGINE.  The kids glance skyward to see a SPACE SHUTTLE SCHOOL BUS  swooping towards them like something out of a sci-fi movie -  engines roaring and ray-gun blasters firing bright blasts of  light that send the Darklings running.  When it lands, the hatch pops open and a space suit-clad  explorer emerges. He quickly jumps to the ground and lifts  the visor on his helmet, revealing a familiar face... 64 MR. OZ 64  A ladder descends from the hatch. Mateo looks up to see  Oswald has a co-pilot in a matching space suit. And he's an  ape.  A shadow bolt CA-THUNKS into the ladder. Everyone looks up to  see the Night Hunter, clambering down from his vehicle.  But it worked so perfectly. Using  Cooper here to lure Mateo and Izzie  back. His Darkness will be pleased.  Three for the price of one.  Oz makes a grand display of revealing a HOLSTERED HOURGLASS  AT HIS SIDE.  Oz holds his hourglass... but nothing happens. Hunter laughs.  In the distance, dark THUNDER CLOUDS OF ETHER billow on the  horizon as a NIGHTMARE STORM rolls in... Oz sees them, his  expression faltering.  Albert! Fire the engines back up!  The monkey ducks back into the ship as Oz helps each kid onto  the ladder, one by one.  Night Hunter reaches for his crossbow and begins to reload.  His Darklings scramble forward.  At last, Mateo is up the ladder. Oz begins to climb, but  THUMP! Mateo turns around to see Oz fall a few rungs down the  IS  ladder - a SHADOW BOLT lodged in his shoulder... Mateo helps  Oz stumble into the ship as we CUT TO --  Mateo reaches out to help Oz as he stumbles inside. 74 MR. OZ 74  Quickly! Grab that desublimator!  Mateo spots an odd fire extinguisher hanging on the wall of  the ship. Where a red metal tank should be, there is a glass  tank of liquid light.  Use it on me... Today, Mateo!  Oz swings around as Mateo fumbles with the extinguisher and  finally -- HISS! Liquid light sprays onto Mr. Oswald. The  bolt crackles and freezes into a solid shard, still jutting  horrifically out of his shoulder.  Oz painfully scrambles through the cabin, the bolt lodged in  his shoulder, knocking into everything he passes.  No time!  As Oz turns to Albert, the bolt nearly hits the kids. They  all duck. Their screams causing Oz to swing the other way to  look, and the bolt hits a series of buttons.  Alarms sound. Albert runs over and presses them, dodging Oz’s  bolt as it swings wildly back and forth. Albert grabs the  bolt, holding Oz still, and shoots him a dirty look.  Albert glares at Cooper.  SHUNK! Albert plucks the bolt out of Oz and drops it to the  ship’s floor with a clank.  very much.  The ship shudders - Oz peeks through the cockpit window to  see the Night Hunter has fired grappling hooks at the ship.  Albert runs to the controls and the ship lurches into the  air. The kids fall to the floor. Oz joins his co-pilot. 83 MR. OZ 83  Albert! Get us out of here!  Oz jerks his controls, trying to dislodge the hooks.  Figure it out!  talking monkey. Makes total sense.  Waking World safe for centuries.  BOOM! A clap of thunder makes the kids look out the cockpit  window... the sky has grown dark. And out of the turbulent  storm clouds, a swirl of BAT CREATURES streak past Oz's ship.  Mateo's face goes slack...  Emerging from the storm, Mateo sees the NIGHTMARE KING atop  his winged NIGHT MARE, swooping in towards Oz's ship. The  staff he wields radiates a SHADOW ENERGY that corrupts the  surrounding lands below, as if the color is being sucked out  of it.  Mateo peels himself from the cockpit window and looks to Oz.  Mr. Oswald, what is that?  Albert looks outside...  The Nightmare King has returned...  Oz locks his worried gaze on the kids. Izzie finally breaks  the silence --  Oz works the controls, veering the ship into evasive  maneuvers as the kids hold on.  OUTSIDE The Nightmare King raises the staff in his hand and  unleashes a stream of NIGHT TERRORS that race across the sky  and begin to attack OZ's ship. Tearing at it, trying to gain  entry.  INSIDE Warning lights flash. Albert races around the cabin,  pushing buttons as sparks begin to fly from the damaged hull.  happens if we don’t escape?  Oz shoots Albert a look.  Young Master Cooper, the body has  Warning bells start sounding.  quickly, out of fear, and you risk  bringing something with you into  The ship suddenly plummets! Izzie screams!  Mateo, listen to me please--  Mr. Oz, I want to wake up NOW!  The Night Terrors breach the hull. Mateo raises his arms  protectively but the Dream World dissolves around him.  Mateo wakes, cowering in bed with his hands over his head.  He quickly looks around the dark, hears his dad shuffling  around in another room, just waking up. Mateo breathes a sigh  of relief. Then his eyes dart to Izzie’s bed --  Mateo leaps up and runs over to Izzie. Flicks on her light.  Yeah. Yeah I’m ok. I’m awake...  Izzie holds up Mr. Sharkface, now shredded, tattered beyond  repair- definitely not the same toy she fell asleep with.  She cradles him close to her, then looks up at Mateo. The two  stare at each other before Izzie jumps out of bed.  Mateo grabs his backpack - Z Blob is in there. Mateo smiles  as Z Blob climbs onto his shoulder.  Mateo dashes to his window. Looks to Cooper's apartment.  Izzie tosses Mateo his phone. Mateo dials and they lean in to  listen on speaker phone, peering anxiously out the window.  The phone rings... And then... It rings again. Cooper’s  window is still dark.  It finally picks up. Mateo can't hear anyone on the other  end.  Cooper’s light comes on. A second later, Cooper peeks out.  Mateo waves. And this time, Cooper waves back. Mateo’s phone  chimes with a text.  He says to come outside.  Mateo grabs his backpack, stuffs Z Blob inside while Izzie  peeks out of their room, waiting as their dad crosses and  closes the bathroom door behind him.  Izzie signals the all clear, heads out first. As Mateo  scampers down the hall after her -- WE CAN SEE HIS SHADOW ON  THE FLOOR IS UNNATURAL... it crawls after them, flittering  across the wall like a demon.  Mateo and Izzie sneak out the front door, Z Blob peeking out  from Mateo’s backpack. Cooper comes out of his apartment and  the kids meet in the middle of the street. Mateo and Cooper  stand there awkwardly.  SORRY.” It’s really not that hard.  The kids stand there awkwardly and laugh, but then --  The kids startle and turn to see Logan approach.  What the heck is he doing here?  Mateo looks wounded.  Logan’s face slowly fills with horror. The kids turn to see a  Night Terror slithering towards them like a shadowy demon...  The kids scream! The Night Terror suddenly darts forward! Z  Blob hops off of Mateo's shoulder and stands in its path, but  he is no match. The Night Terror blows right past him.  The Night Terror grabs a hold of Mateo by the backpack! He  struggles to shake it off but the Night Terror whips around,  soaring into the air as the kids scream!  Jay combs his hair in the bathroom mirror, totally oblivious  to the action going down just outside his window, as Mateo  flies past, dangling from a demonic shadow creature.  The kids watch in horror as the Night Terror takes off,  flying down the street with Mateo. Cooper, Izzie and Z Blob  take off in pursuit. Logan hesitates... Cooper turns back --  Cooper runs off. Logan considers it... then runs after.  The Night Terror weaves in and out between parked cars as  Mateo struggles to free the backpack.  He gets one strap, and starts to slip free, when he sees --  A CITY BUS slowly rumbling through the intersection...  Mateo pulls himself up, barely skipping across the roof of  the bus as they ZOOM past!  ON THE BUS -- a sleepy ZOEY rides in back with a CHICKEN in a  crate. She startles awake as her chicken SQUAWKS.  She cranes her neck to see out as Cooper, Izzie, and Logan  run by.  Mateo tugs at the backpack again as the Night Terror whips  around a corner to an alley - it HISSES with pain when it  brushes a pool of streetlight and loses control...  The Night Terror banks too hard, bounces off of the wall --  Mateo tumbles to the ground, dropping the backpack as the  Night Terror crashes further into the alley.  Mateo staggers to his feet, peers down the dark alley - trash  cans and old boxes clutter the grimy asphalt. A broken light  perched above a loading dock sputters on and off  intermittently.  Mateo startles as his friends arrive at the mouth of the  alley behind him. They come to a halt where Mateo’s backpack  lies...  Mateo turns and puts his finger to his lips - Shhh...  Trash cans topple over as the Night Terror bursts forth!  Run!!  The Night Terror rushes down the alley, headed right at  Mateo!  The Night Terror knocks Mateo over as it WOOSHES by, headed  straight for the others at the mouth of the alley.  Mateo quickly rolls to his knees and flails out -- grabbing  onto the end of the Night Terror’s shadowy tendrils.  It HOWLS! Mateo digs in his heels and slows it. But his hands  begin to BURN, the color draining from where he touches the  shadow monster.  Mateo holds on with all of his might! Logan screams in fear  as the Night Terror heads right at them and --  The light above the loading dock flickers on again! Filling  the shadows and hitting the Night Terror...  Mateo falls to the ground as the Night Terror dissolves from  his grip.  The kids all stare in disbelief. Finally Logan inches  forward, his eyes still wide with fear.  The kids all turn to see Oz approaching. Their stunned  silence is short lived and they all clamor at once.  What is going on? How did that  escape our dreams? Will it come  back? Are there more of them?  Mr. Oz raises his hand. The kids grumble, then raise their  hands. Izzie can't contain herself, raises two hands. Z Blob  on Izzie’s shoulder raises his hand, too.  The answer to your first question  Oz steps past the kids and kneels down to pick up the  backpack at their feet. Something catches his attention...  this is part of the answer.  Oz pulls the HOURGLASS from Mateo’s bag. Seems to recognize  Something I haven’t seen in a long  time... but it explains a lot...  I plan on finding out... 155 MR. OZ 155  Mateo’s shoulders slump. Oz looks at all of the kids.  Oz hands Mateo his backpack. Mateo reaches out to take it,  winces in pain. Oz grabs his hand, suddenly concerned because-  MATEO’S HAND IS TURNING DARK... and it is spreading up his  arm, like a shadowy ink stain...  Mateo grits his teeth, suppressing a painful groan.  Mateo, you need to come with me.  Z Blob grunts. Oz sees he’s not winning this. Sighs heavily.  The kids help Mateo to Oz’s beat up wood paneled station  wagon.  No... this is the car a middle  school science teacher drives.  Oz races through the city, kids crammed in back. Mateo groans  as he grips his arm. Struggles to stay awake.  Oz’s car screeches up a winding path to an observatory  perched on a hill, overlooking the city.  Logan sees where they are headed.  astrono-- whatever! He doesn’t need  an observer; he needs a doctor!  A hospital doesn’t have the gear we  Oz cruises past the NO TRESPASSING SIGNS as the big chainlink  fence automatically swings open.  Mateo’s eyes grow heavy, he catches a glimpse of an ALBERT  BOBBLE HEAD on Mr. Oz’s dashboard, bobbling away...  Mateo’s eyes begin to close as we CUT TO --  MATEO’S POV... eyes fluttering... catching snippets of being  carried down a long hallway lined with display cases... weird  gadgets... strange equipment... voices sounding far away...  Another FLUTTER... We’re staring at the ceiling now...  glimpses of Izzie and Cooper standing beside us, looking  concerned... Z Blob staring from Izzie’s shoulder...  A bizarre machine is moved into place above... our eyes grow  heavy... a mechanical hum... a blinding flash of light then  DARKNESS...  Mateo’s eyes snap open and he finds himself lying on a table  surrounded by odd machinery and dim lighting.  How are you feeling?  He sits up, groggy. Scans the room and sees Mr. Oz putting  away a retro-future chrome contraption.  Mateo examines his bandaged arm. 182 MR. OZ 182  You got lucky the Edison Ray was  charged up. Let’s avoid touching  Night Terrors from now on, Mateo.  Where are the others, Mr. Oswald?  Where are we?  Oz helps Mateo off the table, beckons for Mateo to follow.  Oz throws a switch, lighting up a cavernous facility full of  wondrous gadgets, strange vehicles, and dream world items. 184 MR. OZ 184  He guides Mateo along a catwalk overlooking it all. 185 MR. OZ (CONT’D) 185  At the end of the catwalk, Oz opens a door to--  There are bookcases full of fascinating comic collections,  books about the supernatural, about space travel, time  travel...  red X’s across the nation.  On a bench against a wall - Izzie, Cooper and Logan sit like  concerned family members in a hospital waiting room.  Mateo smiles as the others kids spring up and rush over. 195 MATEO 195  Cooper hands a piece of paper to Mateo. He looks at it -- We  see that it is the Sheep Week sign up sheet with the doodle  of Z Blob on it... Mateo sees the name of the team has been  THE DREAM CHASERS...  Mateo smiles.  Your training starts tomorrow.  The new team smiles at each other. And we CUT TO --  The Night Hunter strides through a gated door, covered in  intricate metal vines that groan as he pushes through.  Blazing torches cast menacing shadows, reaching out with his  every move, each step echoing throughout the massive chamber.  He approaches a throne made of bones and horns, where seated  calmly is The Nightmare King.  The Nightmare King peers into the headpiece of his staff.  Images flicker like an old film. His gaze is fixed.  We see the staff’s imagery replaying the fight in the street  from the Night Terror’s POV. We see the kids’ faces, full of  fear, and focus on Logan...  We pull out wider to reveal the whole throne room... and the  other kids trapped in hanging cages, sleeping... And we --