 An ominous yellow flash of light can be seen from within the  dark fortress. The silhouette of a menacing figure appears on  the back wall. 1 NIGHTMARE KING (O.S.) 1  We REVEAL the Nightmare King standing at his throne and the  Dark Archer kneeling before him.  The Nightmare King steps down from the chancel and  determinedly struts by his loyal soldier.  The Nightmare King heads toward the exit as we reveal several  children trapped within the Shadowkeep. Dark Archer shifts  tensely.  The Nightmare King stands in the center of the room, holding  his staff. Eyes glowing yellow, he waves his hand in a  circular motion. Dark dream ether swirls from all around him,  consuming him from our view. All we can see within the cloud  of dark ether is the glow of his yellow eyes.  As Mateo and Izzie walk down the hallway toward class, they  pass a plethora of festive school posters for SHEEP WEEK.  Every few steps, Mateo stops to do a couple of jumping jacks.  Mateo trips on his shoelace and collapses to the ground.  The siblings see Zoey, who walks toward them in SLOW-MOTION.  Mateo’s expression changes to a more love-struck look.  Izzie holds her hand out for a high five. Mateo glares at her  and then turns back toward Zoey. He takes a deep breath as he  determinedly lowers his head and marches forward.  What’s a bad idea?  Mateo begins to sweat, not having noticed he’d reached Zoey.  He opens his mouth to ask, but all that comes out is-  already have one.  Mateo looks over, realizing Logan is right beside him.  Embarrassed, Cooper slowly and hesitantly approaches.  Zoey groans as she closes her locker and slips by the boys.  The two look up, realizing her departure. Logan waves.  Cooper stands back as Logan and Mateo butt heads.  Cooper makes an apologetic look to Mateo as Logan turns and  makes an EDM airhorn noise with his mouth.  Izzie steps up to her brother.  Mateo slumps down, feeling defeated.  Mateo, Izzie, Cooper, Logan, and Z-Blob arrive at the same  time.  Bitter, Mateo opens his mouth to reply, but is interrupted. 27 MR. OZ (O.S.) 27  The kids follow the arguing voices to...  The five enter to see the frenzied Mr. Oz and Albert,  searching through a series of books with nautical imagery on  them and handwritten journals shown through holograms.  Cooper is in awe. Oz finally acknowledges them.  research.  when Luna’s hourglass is repaired,  it will lead us to Castle Nocturna.  Oz turns the pages to one of the books in front of them. A  hologram of a beautiful ivory castle appears before the  children’s wide eyes. 33 ALBERT 33  The kids all look confused.  Izzie touches Alberts book. He slaps her hand away.  Oz guides the group towards the exit.  Oz slams the door behind them. The kids stare, baffled. Izzie  turns to them, a smile widening across her face.  Flying eight-bit birds soar past a tall, digital screen in  the middle of a video game lobby resembling a town square.  The lobby branches out into multiple roads, which guide  dreamers toward various types of games.  At its center is a huge, sixteen-bit statue of a muscular man  wearing a spacesuit and cool helmet a la HALO’s MASTER CHIEF.  The kids, Bunzai, and Z-Blob enter the realm with excitement.  Logan gestures over to the statue.  Mateo and Logan glare at one another, ready to rumble. The  only thing that stops them is the arrival of Zoey, who glides  in on Zion. The boys attention is easily drifted.  Do you wanna play with us?  Zoey allows Zion to soar away as she parkours her way through  the lobby area and disappears. The two are left swooning.  Ooh, too bad, Teo. Looks like Zoey  doesn’t want to play with you here  or Sheep Week. She wants to join a  winning team.  Cooper, Izzie, Bunzai, and Z-Blob nervously watch on.  Logan mutters something to himself.  You got something to say, Logan?!  Logan cockily crosses his arms.  They shake hands. Cooper and Izzie share a look that reads  as, “Oh boy”. Logan points to the Cyber Realm map displayed  on a large tablet-like system.  Uh, how about we let Izzie?  Izzie hovers her hand over a game that appears to be a cute  cooking game. The icon reads, “Baking Papa.”  Izzie suddenly moves her hand, clicking a game called,  “Nimbus Infinite.” A real time strategy, shooter game. The  tablet sends a path of light down the road they need to take.  Now clad in cool, Halo-inspired suits, the kids, Bunzai, and  Z-Blob, enter onto a low-poly video game arena, with blue  glowing rocks, columns, and walls to use as cover.  The statued character from before appears in hologram form.  He has a cheesily heroic demeanor.  wins the game!  Shown beside him, also as a hologram, is a presentation; a  player and three pixelated hearts appear. Burrzerker BLASTS  him three times, causing the player to shatter.  White outlines and three hearts appear around each of the  players, signifying that the game has begun.  Mateo and Z-Blob dart off first. Followed by Cooper and  Logan, who run off in opposite directions.  Izzie and Bunzai go full attack mode right out the gate.  Izzie instantly takes out four other dreamers.  BOOM! Izzie is shattered like Megaman. She respawns back in  the center of the battlefield.  POW! Izzie is blasted. She respawns again.  Mateo and Z-Blob roll out of hiding. They use their ROCKET  JUMPS to leap over Izzie, blasting her one last time from  above. She gets eliminated. The duo lands in a hero pose.  Someone fires a few shots at Mateo and Z-Blob. Quick on their  feet, they manage to barrel roll out of the way. They look  over to identify the perpetrator. It’s none other than Logan!  half the players!  What?! The game just started!  Mateo looks up at the scoreboard.  Izzie and Bunzai, bitterly, enter the waiting room. They spot  Cooper sitting with some other sore dreamers. They look just  as upset as Izzie.  Mateo. You think you know a guy.  Cooper points to the scoreboard. It shows Logan’s icon with  Mateo and Logan shield themselves behind different walls.  your SKILLS! Dreamcrafting skills.  Logan watches as Z-Blob leaps out from behind a column. He  JUMPS out of his hiding spot, leaving himself open for a  surprise attack from Mateo. POW! Logan shatters, losing a  life.  He respawns, glancing up at his two remaining lives.  Logan runs and slides up to Mateo’s hiding place, thinking he  can catch him off-guard. He turns the corner. Mateo is gone.  Logan gasps before... PEW! PEW! He gets blasted and shattered  a second time! This time from both Mateo AND Upgrade Z-Blob.  Once Logan respawns, he runs in the opposite direction,  avoiding the other players as he finds a new hiding place.  Logan glances up at the scoreboard. Mateo and Z-Blob are  racking up points. Not many players are left.  A teen boy, dressed in an even cooler suit, turns the corner.  earlier. He takes aim at Logan, ready to fire. A beat. He  lowers it.  Lance glances up to see that Logan has only one life left.  than I do. Even the playing field.  Handing Logan a red floppy disk with code written on it in  crude black marker.  gamers in the realm use them.  Whoa, retro. Thanks, man. How can I  repay you... Guy?  Lance walks away. His eyes glow yellow as he grins, wickedly.  Zion and Zoey arrive in the mobile game sector of the Cyber  Realm. There aren’t any dreamers here. It’s a ghost town.  Zoey dismounts.  Zoey realizes that she’s standing in the middle of a low-poly  and colorful kitchen. Confused, she glances up, noticing a  sign above her that reads, “BAKING PAPA” with a digital meter  attached.  Zoey raises an eyebrow. She approaches it. She looks around,  searching for other dreamers who might spot her. The coast is  clear.  it, right?  Zion looks unconvinced.  Zoey hesitantly picks up a mixing spoon. She peaks into a  bowl and begins to stir. Her hunched, stressed shoulders  suddenly relax. She appears to be content. She sniffs the  bowl.  Logan maneuvers through the terrain, still avoiding the other  players, especially Mateo, who is now leading the scoreboard.  He hesitantly looks at the floppy disk in his hand.  As he dashes over toward the middle of the arena. Logan  inserts the disk into the slot under the tablet screen where  the Guardian info graphic plays. A golden shimmer engulfs  Logan’s suit.  He smirks, ready for battle, yet again. Logan runs through  the game, easily ricocheting shots off of his new suit and  wiping out any competitors that get in his way. Don’t be  mistaken though. He’s on the prowl for Mateo and Z-Blob.  Logan finally slows down. He checks his surroundings.  Suddenly, Z-Blob leaps out of hiding. Logan BLASTS him. He  shatters, losing his last life. Logan turns to see Mateo,  attempting to land yet another sneak attack using his rocket  jump. He successfully hits Logan, but it does nothing.  Mateo tucks and rolls back into a new hiding place. We see  now that he only has one life left. He looks at the board.  Mateo checks his power boosts. He’s depleted them. Timid now,  Mateo runs in the opposite direction. Only when he turns  around, Logan is already there waiting for him.  The two fire at the exact same time. Logan is hit, but of  course, not eliminated. Mateo avoids the hit and hides again.  Mateo glances up to see Logan, using his rocket jump. He  BLASTS Mateo, causing him to shatter. Logan lands in a cool  pose.  Winner rolls across the screen. Logan’s name hits number one  on the leaderboard. Digital confetti spews out from above.  Logan does EDM horn sounds as the rest of the players  sarcastically cheer and go their separate ways. The Dream  Chasers rejoin Logan on the playing grounds.  Just then, the digital Burrzerker pops up before them.  Logan triumphantly approaches the hologram guardian,  attempting to remove the disk without the others noticing.  Uh, nothing. It’s just an upgrade.  cheating, letting Z-Blob do all the  work for you.  Logan grips the disk, but it gets jammed in the slot. Logan  struggles to get it out.  The tablet display begins to glitch as a bright red aura  completely consumes the whole arena’s original blue form. The  disk has turned into a full blown virus and the game arena  isn’t the only thing it’s corrupting...  Through even larger world glitches, it’s clear that the  entire Cyber Realm is under attack; buildings are turning  pixelated, neon signs are flickering, items are morphing, and  kids are getting bugged into the floors and walls!  A pixelated NIGHTMARE STORM surrounds the middle console  where the red disk was inserted. The kids are now at its  center. Pixelated lightning strikes.  fast! The realm is falling apart!  Suddenly, the lights shut down. The room goes to black.  Zoey, in a rare moment of bliss, finishes chopping up some  raspberries, filling the meter hovering above her head.  Burrzerker appears.  A new meter appears as Zoey opens the easy bake oven with an  uncharacteristic flourish, and removes a soufflé. She giggles  as she carefully places it onto the counter when a loud CRASH  causes it to deflate.  Zoey watches as the game components and the surrounding Cyber  Realm’s lights all change into a harsh red color and contort.  The game terrain glitches, pixelates, and crumbles. Zoey  leaps around them as if she were in a platforming game.  Zion rises, trying to fly toward the running Zoey, but  they’re a distance apart due to the glitched terrain.  The Dark Archer’s whistle echoes through the sky above. Zoey  stops dead in her tracks. Her eyes narrow as the sky darkens.  The space is poorly lit with only the light from the hologram  Guardian to see. The kids, Bunzai, and Z-Blob watch as the  realm glitches nearby. Mateo throws light through Z-Blob to  amplify his flashlight.  Looks like someone forgot to pay  the power bill in the Cyber Realm.  entire realm is glitching. How are  you have the answers?  The rest of the group angrily groan.  The rivals nab their Nimbus Infinite blasters from off their  suits and begin to blast at one another again.  Guys! Stop! I hear something  Mateo and Logan stop shooting and listen. Mateo dreamcrafts Z-  Blob back into his Upgrade form, before holding up his  flashlight.  A swarm of tiny pixels fly towards them. As they get closer  the resolution adjusts REVEALING the pixelated creatures to  be Night Terrors!  Mateo, Logan, and Z-Blob instantly take shots at them. Izzie  dreamcrafts her hammer, while Cooper dreamcrafts a baseball  bat out of random debris, knocking the creatures away.  Bunzai, does bunny kicks. Still, they’re getting overwhelmed  by the creatures.  The group turns to see a Night Terror about to pounce onto  Mateo. Z-Blob makes a move toward him, but isn’t fast enough.  Instead, Logan jumps in, tackling Mateo out of the way.  Just then, another Night Terror nearly gets to Logan, but  this time Mateo protects him.  Just then, even more Night Terrors arrive from the darkness.  Suddenly, a thick, pixelated fog, DREAM ETHER, seeps out from  the fallen hologram statue. It shutters a blue glow and  cycles through various sprite animations. 145 COOPER 145  They all cautiously take a step back as the hologram goes  from being transparent to solid. It has somehow come to life.  This is the Cyber Realm’s GUARDIAN, BURRZERKER. With his  heroic, battle damaged suit, health bar, and three life  points floating atop of his head, Burrzerker wastes no time,  swooping into action. He blasts every Night Terror away.  Burrzerker tosses a mechanical looking grenade at the ground.  POW! It explodes light, obliterating the rest of Night  Terrors. He valorously turns toward the kids.  The kids stare in both awe and confusion. Fascinated, the  kids huddle up around him as he clears away the remaining  Night Terrors.  Burrzerker does a cool heroic pose.  He gives the kids a thumbs up, a twinkle in his eye.  Burrzerker and the kids charge into the lobby area, ready for  battle.  Just as the kids step outside something BIG blocks out the  sun. The kids and Burrzerker glance up to see...  Rising over the horizon is Mr. Sharkface in AIRSHIP FORM. An  army of Nightmares enter the realm alongside him.  The team is stunned.  What did they do to him?!  Cooper and Mateo both nudge Logan to stop. They gesture to  Izzie, who is clearly devastated.  Burrzerker runs forward, fighting whatever comes at him. The  team, minus Izzie and Bunzai, joins the battle. Mateo looks  back, realizing that Izzie isn’t coming.  Izzie dreamcrafts Bunzai into his stuffed animal form and  hugs him, before putting him back in her bag.  Cooper, Logan, and Upgrade Z-Blob blast the Nightmares away  with their laser guns. It’s super effective.  Cooper dreamcrafts his TRUCK with Logan in the passenger’s  seat. He runs through the creatures, ramming the larger  groups away from his teammates like bowling pins.  Cooper pumps his fist up, but his win is interrupted when  another virus glitch causes another fissure to open up. His  truck’s wheels get stuck. He tries to speed out, but can’t.  Just then, a ton of nightmare creatures bombard them,  climbing all over, attempting to get inside and attack.  Not a moment too soon, Zoey dives in on Zion, using her time-  altering clock to land multiple quick attacks on the beasts.  For the second time, Logan and Mateo are heavily impressed.  Zoey wipes out the Nightmares attacking Cooper’s truck. She  lands, very obviously annoyed.  Zoey’s face lights up red from embarrassment.  The Dark Archer’s lullaby cuts through the scene like a  knife.  Our heroes look up, catching a glimpse of the Dark Archer  aboard the Sharkface Airship.  Without another word, she flies toward him with Zion.  overwhelmed as it is! And stuck!  As soon as Logan groans out of frustration, sand particles  float around their monster truck TRANSFORMING it into a  literal MONSTER TRUCK; sharp teeth, monstrous glowing eyes,  snarling nostrils.  Logan and Cooper are flabbergasted.  A beat. The boys give each other a high five. 174 LOGAN/COOPER 174  As their beastly car begins ramming and chomping down on  anything in their way. They skid up to the rest of the crew.  eliminate the virus or we’ll lose  the realm.  Not exactly an obvious task, Mateo.  Through the dream ether in the sky, flies Oz and Albert on  their Rocket Ship. They use a rope to descend.  Oz whips out a blue floppy disk.  Logan hesitantly takes the blue disk.  They turn to see an army of dreamers, who were previously  playing games in the realm, but have been united by Oz and  Albert to help save the day. The dreamers charge into battle. 189 MR. OZ 189  Now go, Dream Chasers! Save the  Cyber Realm!  Zoey soars toward Mr. Sharkface atop of Zion. They avoid the  Night Terrors flying at them like a spaceship avoiding  asteroids. The Dark Archer checks over the ledge of Mr.  Sharkface, taking note of her quick and daring approach.  The Dark Archer gives his signature whistle, further  aggravating Zoey.  However, as she’s about to reach him, a glitchy cloud appears  in front of her. She flies though it, but then it turns  solid, trapping her and Zion inside.  Just as they’re about to crash land, Burrzerker tuck and  rolls into action, catching them before they can make impact.  He lowers them, returning to battle as they attempt to break  free from the cloud confining them. Zoey looks back up at the  Dark Archer, furious at her failed attempt.  At the center of the arena is the damaged holo-screen,  containing the red disk. Night Terrors hover around it, like  moths to a flame. The group hides behind a wall barrier. 193 LOGAN 193  Izzie glances down at her backpack. She’s concerned.  all understand. No judgment.  I just don’t want anything to  happen to Bunzai. ...Like Mr.  Sharkface.  Z-Blob and the boys run out from their hiding place, using  their video game surroundings to blast through enemies and  rocket jump away from the horde coming at them.  Izzie watches, feeling uneasy as they get overwhelmed. She  removes Bunzai from her bag and dreamcrafts him back to his  kick-butt size.  Bunzai nods his head. Izzie hugs him.  Izzie nabs a blaster from off ground and rises.  She rolls out of her hiding place, Bunzai at her side. They  help the others BLAST through some of the enemies with  amazing precision, enthusiasm, and skill. This is a complete  flip from her experience during the game.  Logan takes the blue disk and offers it to Mateo.  this all messed up in the first  place.  Logan and Mateo share a smile.  you, I’ll hit their flank. Once we  have them engaged, Logan can run in  Everyone nods. Logan recharges his blaster. 205 LOGAN 205  Cooper, Z-Blob, Izzie, and Bunzai hold the enemies off on the  outskirts, while Mateo acts as main defense for Logan. He  shoots whatever he can as they run toward the center.  Each time that Logan gets held up, he tosses the disk to  Mateo, and vice versa. It’s a true tag team effort. Finally,  Logan gets to the slot. He kicks off the front panel of the  tablet and yanks out the red disk. He slams the blue disk  into the slot. The red lights within the realm change back to  blue. The realm begins to heal itself.  The group cheers victoriously, but then Mateo and Logan cooly  slip back into their hesitant friendship.  The team watches as the glitches diminish around them. Pixels  form, filling holes in walls and floors.  Our team returns to see the lobby transform to its original  state. Even the darkness in the sky, caused by the shadow of  the Sharkface Airship, has begun to move away.  Izzie stares up as Mr. Sharkface is taken away from her for  the second time. Mateo approaches from behind.  Oz and Albert rejoin the team. The dreamers scattered around  the lobby begin to wake in their individual swarms of dream  ether, returning to the Waking World with smiles on their  faces after having quite the epic cyber fight dream.  Izzie looks wounded.  I get to witness them overcome the  This resonates with Mr. Oz.  before you wake!  bounce. BIG test. Right, Mr. Oz?  Albert and I finish some business  The kids wince as they gather around Burrzerker bringing up a  holographic image of a crude 8bit fighter game, starring  himself. And we FADE TO --  As the enemy soldiers retreat, we see Lance land on the deck  of Sharkface Airship. He transforms, revealing himself to be  the Nightmare King again. Dark Archer kneels as the Nightmare  King walks by him.  END OF EPISODE. *