EP 114: "Mr. SANDMAN, BRING ME A DREAM"  Written by  The Shepherds  The NIGHTMARE KING gazes through the headpiece of his  staff... spying on LOGAN and the DREAM CHASERS through  the hat as SNEAK, SNIVEL and SUSAN bicker in the  background. 1 NIGHTMARE KING 1  Quiet, you fools! I’m trying to hear what  the Dream Chasers’ next move is...  The Nightmare King peers closer. We ZOOM IN ON THE POV -- 2 MS. PUTNAM (O.S.) 2  Next!  LOGAN takes the stage in the cafeteria. A banner  decorated with Halloween imagery behind him reads - FALL  MS. PUTNAM, the LIBRARIAN, and COACH JEFFREYS stand  expectantly with clipboards in hand. When Coach looks up  to see Logan, he smirks.  by the musical mastery of DJ LOGANATOR!  Logan picks up the microphone. Hits play on his phone --  CROSS CUT THE SHADOWKEEP -- Teeth-clenching EDM beats  BOOM out of the Nightmare King’s staff! We hear Logan  improvising lyrics and noises...  The Nightmare King painfully grabs his ears! SNEAK,  SNIVEL and SUSAN can't help but dance a little as we --  Logan’s “music” THUDS out from behind the closed  cafeteria doors. WIDEN OUT TO REVEAL -- Mateo and Cooper  exchanging skeptical looks as they wait in the hall.  A LOCKER SLAM causes Mateo to glance over and see ZOEY  hastily gathering her books.  Zoey pivots to glare at Izzie as she comes bounding up. 9 ZOEY 9  Izzie’s mouth hangs open. She WANTS to continue that  thought. The look on Zoey’s face convinces her otherwise.  Logan bursts out of the cafeteria door. 10 LOGAN 10  Totally nailed it.  Coach Jeffreys emerges right after. Still wincing and  rubbing his ears.  Mateo glares at Zoey. She shakes her head.  As Mateo watches Zoey head out, he catches sight of his  own comic artwork adorning the CARNIVAL POSTERS.  Coach Jeffreys shrugs. Heads back inside the cafeteria.  The kids turn to see Oz arrive in a bluster. Arms full of  papers.  As Oz shuffles off, the kids turn to each other. Logan  looks bummed.  Mateo smiles reassuringly as we SMASH CUT TO --  ALARM BELLS WAIL! Sparks fly. OZ and ALBERT man the  controls, blasting away at the --  SHARKFACE AIRSHIP pursuing them as NIGHT TERRORS streak  out towards the ship...  IN THE CABIN -- MATEO, IZZIE, COOP, LOGAN and ZOEY brace  themselves.  We see the HAT on Logan’s head. He YELPS as Albert  punches the thrusters... Diving...  The Murky Realm!  The ship shudders as Oz blasts a few more Night Terrors. 25 MR. OZ 25  With Zoey’s help, I was able to decipher  the musical clue from our dearly departed  friend Jim the Yeti. I realized it was a  SIREN SONG... only sung by the fabled  sirens of the Murky Realm. It must be the  location of the Sandman’s Tower!  AHEAD -- the kids see the vibrant edges of the Dream  World disappear in a pea soup-like fog.  BOOM! The control panel sparks! The ship lurches! The  gang SCREAMS! Logan grabs Izzie's hand. Realizes what he  did. Screams again!  Mateo trades a worried look with his friends as the ship  plummets and we CUT TO --  The unruly crew of NIGHTLINGS scramble about under the  watchful eye of the NIGHT HUNTER.  ON THE MAIN DECK -- The NIGHTMARE KING grips the railing.  Peers out... His expression darkening.  Unruly CREW hesitates.  The crew scrambles over themselves to stop the ship as  the Hunter approaches the Nightmare King.  The Nightmare King points... we see the fog of the Murky  Realm ahead...  Oz’s ship plows through the murky atmosphere. Little  floating islands emerging out of the fog... the ship  barely avoiding them... engine cutting out before finally  sputtering to a rough landing atop a swampy little island  amidst an endless expanse of opaque grey...  Dazed and shaken, the kids peer fearfully out at the  foggy ether surrounding the ship.  A few uneasy nods.  Albert enters the cabin from the rear compartment,  coughing, wafting smoke away, covered in oil.  Oz turns from the instrument panel to face the kids. 36 MR. OZ 36  The Nightmare King didn’t follow us...  Oz points out the cockpit window...  IN THE DISTANCE: The Sandman's tower. A rocky island  reefed in fog, dunes of Dream Sand cascade off. The tower  sits atop. A shining beacon in the gloom.  to the tower before the Murky Realm  Oz turns to the kids and puts on a smile.  The Nightmare King turns from the railing of the ship as  the Night Hunter approaches.  The Nightmare King struggles to contain a manic fit of  laughter.  The Night Hunter gazes out at the Murky Realm...  Cooper tinkers with the damaged control panel while Logan  grooves nearby, phone in hand, music blaring out...  Mr. Oz storms out of the rear compartment. 47 MR. OZ 47  Logan!! I’m trying to work here...  Logan sulks. Pulls out his headphones and puts them on.  Silencing the annoying music.  Oz turns to help Cooper with the panel. Oz pauses his  work, cocks his head --  Oz glares at Logan... who still has his headphones on.  Rocking out. Totally oblivious.  Cooper notices too. Strains to listen... we hear a  BEWITCHING MELODY echo out and CUT TO --  OUTSIDE ON THE WING -- Albert works on repairing the  damaged wing. He looks up to see Mateo, Z Blob, Izzie and  Zoey gathered on the edge, looking out at the fog  beyond...  Mateo backs away from the edge. Turns to Albert.  Albert frowns.  Mateo reaches for his hourglass. Hesitates. Smile fading.  Albert looks up from his work. Sees Mateo gazing out into  the foggy ether. Albert's expression grows dark...  The effects of the Murky Realm are taking  hold... We need to hurry!  Albert, relax man. Just listen...  Albert shoots a worried look over to --  ZOEY AND IZZIE... gazing out into the fog. A far away  look in their eyes as they strain to listen and we --  CUT TO THE COCKPIT -- Logan, totally clueless as he jams  out. Doesn't see --  Coop and Oz drift to the door of the ship, totally  transfixed. As they converge at the door, we SEE OMINOUS  SHAPES dart past in the fog outside...  What are they?  Cooper opens the door to the ship, revealing --  A MERMAID-LIKE CREATURE “swimming” in the fog and  beckoning for them to follow. This is a SIREN.  CROSS CUT TO THE WING -- As Mateo and Z Blob drift closer  to the edge of the wing, transfixed by the same serene  melody...  Albert springs up and bounds across, but gets his foot  stuck in a hole in the wing! He yells in frustration. 63 ALBERT 63  BACK IN THE COCKPIT -- Logan finally looks up to see Oz  and Coop about to follow the siren into the fog. He yanks  off his headphones --  But the siren song reaches his ears. Instantly  transfixing him too.  Logan drifts towards the door... headphone wire going  taught... finally unplugging from the phone on his seat  ANNOYING EDM BLARES OUT!! Overpowering the siren song.  Startling everyone back to their senses. Oz and Coop  immediately halt.  BACK ON THE WING -- The EDM beats echo out... shattering  the serene vibes. Everyone snaps out of their daze. Izzie  shoots a look to Mateo and Z Blob but --  They are teetering on the edge, about to fall and...  Mateo steadies himself! Looks down into the fog to see  the beautiful siren... which suddenly --  LEAPS UP out of the fog AND SNATCHES Z BLOB!  Zeeee!  Mateo doesn’t hesitate. Leaps into the fog, disappearing  in the murk.  Izzie pulls out her Bunchu plushie. Prepares to  dreamcraft. But the determined look on her face vanishes.  makes you Dream Chasers...  Zoey grumbles. Then pushes past a stunned Izzie and dives  into the fog after Mateo as we CUT TO --  Mateo leaps from one rocky island to another, enveloped  in a dense fog. Desperately scanning the scraggly trees  that loom up out of the murk like ghosts. 68 MATEO 68  Zeee?! Z BLOB WHERE ARE YOU?  He hears a strange SUCKING sound. Teo rushes past a stand  of swamp trees to find --  A CLEARING... And as the fog parts, he discovers a SIREN  hunched over Z Blob... IT’S FEEDING ON HIM...  But when the siren turns to face him, Mateo sees it has  transformed into a HIDEOUS MONSTER with fangs and claws.  Gulp... Mateo hesitates... then sees several OTHER  HIDEOUS SIRENS emerge from the fog... surrounding him.  Mateo stands his ground. Fear etched across his face...  The Sirens poised to attack and --  TIME SLOWS... and begins to rewind as ZOEY streaks  through the murk, grabbing Mateo and Z Blob...  TIME RESUMES... the sirens about to pounce, but Mateo and  Z Blob are standing safely with Zoey.  The sirens hiss at the kids! And begin to dart forward!  FFWIIP! FFWIIP! Arrows streak through the fog. Taking out  a few Sirens. Zoey’s skill on full display. Making the  Sirens think twice.  But she quickly runs out of arrows... The Sirens begin to  rally... their BEWITCHING SONG filling the air.  Mateo reaches for his hourglass. Fights the effects of  the song. A daze creeping over him....  the siren song... Zoey...  Oz gathers the other kids with Albert at the wing as they  survey the fog. Logan’s music echoes out from his phone.  he hears one.  Albert glances down to see the SHIP IS SLOWLY SINKING  INTO THE MURK...  Logan’s music may be able to hold off the  Sirens, but it won’t delay the effects of  the Murky Realm. If we don’t get out of  Oz nods solemnly at Albert. The gang prepares to  disperse. Logan hands Albert his phone.  Logan whips out an old school BOOMBOX covered in  stickers.  Logan hits play. Leaves Albert grimacing as the group  heads out, music blasting out of the boombox.  Mateo, Z Blob and Zoey flee blindly through the fog,  leaping to a mist-shrouded island dotted with strange  trees.  He glances at Zoey who has a look of panic on her face.  It’s gonna be okay, we’ll find Oz’s ship--  understand...  I understand, child...  Zoey and Mateo pivot to see a LITTLE OLD BLIND LADY  waddle out of the mist, carrying a lantern and cane. A  hooded cloak casts her features in shadow.  before the sirens get you. Or worse...  Mateo trades a look with Z Blob. He shakes his little  blob body. Doesn’t like the look of this new arrival.  She turns and waddles off into the mist. The glow of her  lantern receding in the murk.  Zoey trades a look with Mateo and turns to follow. Teo  grabs her.  She looks at the retreating form of the Old Lady.  I’m not gonna let that happen.  She heads into the murk. Mateo grapples with a decision.  Glances back to see the ghostly forms of the SIRENS  beginning to close in... and then chases after Zoey.  As the Sirens converge and continue their pursuit --  FFWIIP! FFWIIP! They are cut down in a hail of crossbow  bolts...  THE NIGHT HUNTER swoops down from one of the trees. He  walks forward, scanning the murk. Then pauses...  ON THE GROUND - a ring of DREAM RUNES, carved into  stones, borders the mysterious island...  The Nightmare King gazes at the runes through his  staff... Susan approaches.  The Hunter hesitates... 98 NIGHTMARE KING 98  He is being cautious...  Because he is weak.  He gazes through the staff again...  We linger on the image of the Dream Runes as we FADE TO --  We’re CLOSE ON the dream runes... WIDEN OUT TO REVEAL --  OZ and the others emerging from the murk to stand before  runes. Coop bends down to examine them.  Is this a warning? To keep people out?  I think this is here to keep something  in.  Logan sets the boombox down. Wipes a glob of Z Blob goo  from the ground.  Izzie bravely steps forward.  Zoey chases after the bobbing light from the Old Woman’s  lantern as it retreats through the mists.  Zoey! Wait!  She glances around the murky landscape, lost in the fog.  Just silhouettes of scraggly trees around her.  Then she hears it... the faint sound of a GUITAR... Zoey  strains to listen... eyes going wide with recognition!  Zoey takes off in the direction of the music.  MOMENTS LATER -- Mateo and Z stumble through. No sign of  Zoey...  Z Blob gestures... Mateo catches a glimpse of a light  bobbing through the distant fog.  Mateo stumbles through the fog and scraggly trees,  emerging into a clearing where he finds a small fire  burning... an iron cooking pot bubbling...  And built into the surrounding trees, shelves upon  shelves crammed with GLASS JARS AND BAUBLES... each one  radiating with misty energy.  Mateo pivots to find the Old Lady standing near the fire.  Her hood comes off. He can finally see that she is blind. 108 OLD BLIND LADY (CONT’D) 108  I’m stuck on this island because of my...  condition. So I don’t see many visitors.  Wait... you’re blind... 110 OLD BLIND LADY 110  I still have ways to see what I want...  Mateo’s eyes keep darting to the radiant jars in the  shelves all over the camp. 112 OLD BLIND LADY 112  Come, look for yourself...  Zoey follows the sound of the GUITAR echoing through the  mist... emerging from the fog to find another small  clearing. A dead end. Nothing here.  Where is that music coming from...  She turns to double back, only to see THE HUNTER emerge  from the fog and into the clearing. Tracking her.  Her eyes narrow... doesn’t say anything. Just howls with  anger and charges forward... Fighting the Hunter...  manipulating time... battle raging all over the clearing.  Even without her arrows, Zoey’s a force to be reckoned  with. But the Hunter is better...  He finally gets the upper hand. Has her dead to rights,  crossbow aimed...  He lowers his crossbow.  Hunter leaves Zoey on the ground. Retreats into the fog.  She growls. Springs up and is about to chase after when  the little clearing ALIGHTS WITH A STRANGE GLOW...  The sound of GUITAR grows louder. Zoey spins to see the  clearing take on the murky appearance of a --  PARK -- A hazy scene materializes before her eyes: a  YOUNG MOTHER sits in the grass, playing guitar to a  CHILD... Zoey’s jaw drops...  Zoey steps forward into the ghostly fog-shrouded dream...  ... as the Old Woman plucks a JAR from a shelf and it  ALIGHTS WITH ZOEY’S DREAM INSIDE... Mateo gawks at it.  Fascinated. Hears the melody faintly echo out.  a way of winding up here... Look --  The fog around Mateo swirls, taking on the appearance of--  MATEO’S LIVING ROOM -- Faint and hazy... but Mateo  immediately becomes transfixed by the sight of an ART SET  and EASEL with a birthday bow on top and a YOUNGER  MATEO...  A festive banner reads: HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MIJO.  Mateo steps forward into the dreamy scene, merging with  the younger version of himself.  We watch Mateo draw a crude little Z BLOB...  The real Z Blob grunts. Trying to get Mateo’s attention.  Mateo just smiles serenely. Lost in the experience.  Z Blob grows worried as Mateo falls under the spell of  nostalgia.  Izzie bounds through the fog. Catches sight of a fleeting  light.  She jogs forward, only to see the swirling fog begin to  transform into --  MATEO AND IZZIE’S BEDROOM -- Just impressions really...  Hazy and faint, but Izzie immediately recognizes it.  On her bed is a plushie with a bow on it and a note.  She rushes over to it. Picks up the note.  She turns around but Oz, Logan and Cooper are not behind  her. Just more disorienting fog.  She turns back to her memory dream and her expression  darkens... THERE’S A SHADOWY FIGURE IN THE CORNER.  The figure comes forward... a young MYSTERIOUS WOMAN. But  there’s something unsettling about her.  Izzie is shocked in place. Trying to process...  my mom. You don’t belong in this dream!  The smile on the Mysterious Woman’s face melts... as does  her disguise... revealing THE OLD BLIND LADY.  Izzie screams! Drops SharkyJaw! The hazy dream scene  around her immediately dissolving back into fog.  Izzie glances around... realizes she’s in the foggy  clearing all alone again. She turns to leave and  discovers CREEPY VINES have tried to grow around her  legs.  She kicks them loose and flees the foggy clearing.  Mateo still smiles serenely as he draws Z Blob. He looks  up from his work to see the MYSTERIOUS WOMAN cloaked in  shadow, standing in the corner of the room watching.  Mateo stops drawing. The hazy dream begins to waver. The  Mysterious Woman begins to waver too... her disguise  falling away to reveal the Old Blind Lady scowling.  Fine! Have it your way!  And the dream scene is DISPELLED... falling away to  reveal Mateo and Z Blob standing back in the Witch’s  Camp. The Old Blind Lady standing near the bubbling pot,  still scowling.  Mateo tries to move. Realizes he’s ensnared in swampy  vines that have grown up around his legs... He reaches  for his hourglass at his side, only to realize it’s --  Across the room. Sitting on a shelf amidst the Old Lady’s  jars and baubles. Mateo glares at the woman.  Everyone turns to see the Hunter slowly enter the camp.  The Old Lady growls.  She suddenly chuckles.  A few things have changed since last time  we saw each other.  Z Blob notices the cauldron begin to bubble and boil. He  hops up and peeks in to see --  A PAIR OF EYEBALLS bubble to the surface of the murky  concoction in the pot...  Z Blob scrambles away from the cauldron as the witch's  FAMILIAR crawls out of it - a huge WOLF-LIKE CREATURE  that grows to full size, the cauldron becoming its collar  as it --  Lunges towards the Hunter!  Izzie races back through the fog. Nearly colliding with  Logan who drops his boombox.  Izzie screams! Logan screams! Oz and Cooper race up out  of the fog, alarmed!  What is it? What’s wrong?  As the group follows Izzie out, Logan picks up the  boombox. Realizes it’s broken.  Mateo struggles to free himself from the vines as the  Wolf and Hunter battle it out.  The Old Lady cackles, her familiar getting the advantage  on the Hunter as his crossbow is knocked from his grip.  As the Hunter struggles, Z Blob uses the distraction to  STRETCH his blobby form out, towards Teo’s hourglass... 153 OLD BLIND LADY 153  You and your Master always underestimated  The Wolf looms over the unarmed Hunter...  Z snaps the hourglass to Teo! It alights with energy as  he dreamcrafts Z Blob into KNIGHT MODE!  The Old Lady shrieks! Sir Z hacks at the vines, freeing  Mateo!  He stumbles back, colliding with a shelf of jars that  fall to the ground. Mateo is about to run, when he  notices one jar in particular --  The one swirling with Zoey’s memory dream... The Old Lady  yells out! The Wolf pivots and charges towards Mateo! He  quickly doubles back and scoops up Zoey’s dream as --  Sir Z punches the Wolf! Sending it flying into the  Hunter! Both going down in a heap!  Sir Z scoops up Mateo and they flee the Witch’s Camp as  the Old Lady HOWLS in frustration!  As Izzie leads Oz and the others through the fog, she  hears Zoey’s voice SINGING/HUMMING...  Izzie quickly hones in on Zoey’s voice, the others  following, stumbling into the --  PARK SCENE -- where they find Zoey entranced by her  memory dream. Humming along with the melody her mother is  playing on the guitar.  But she doesn’t respond. Doesn’t even take note of their  presence.  They see the vines have nearly grown up to her waist.  Rooting her in place.  They converge on Zoey and struggle to break her free. But  she’s absorbed in the memory dream. And the vines keep  growing...  Zoey, listen to me! You have to focus...  this isn’t real...  The vines snake up Zoey, nearly consuming her as --  MATEO AND SIR Z burst into the foggy dream! Z grabbing  hold of Zoey’s outstretched hand and yanking her free!  The hazy dream scene wavers and begins to dissolve into  the fog. Zoey loses sight of her mom. 160 MR. OZ (CONT’D) 160  We have to go!  (struggling to get free of Z)  The gang flees the fog. Zoey cradled in Z’s huge arms.  The gang emerges from the fog. Exhausted. Z setting a  shell-shocked Zoey to the ground as he morphs back to  blob form.  They catch their breath, take in their new surroundings:  In the distance, a massive sand dune, and the SANDMAN'S  TOWER siting at the top, dominating the horizon. 162 MR. OZ 162  The Tower... we made it.  They turn to see a PACK OF SIRENS slowly gathering...  blocking the path to the Tower in the distance. Their  bewitching song begins to seep in...  Weary and spent, the gang prepares to face yet another  threat. Until --  LOGAN’S AWFUL MUSIC cascades in from above...  ALBERT swoops in on Oz’s ship, blasting Logan music. The  Sirens scatter as Albert lands the ship and disembarks.  He marches up to Logan and thrusts the phone in his hand.  Mateo turns to Zoey.  She can’t answer. Z Blob tries to comfort her, but she  starts to walk away. Mateo catches up.  She can’t look him in the eye.  He reaches in his pack.  He hands her something. She looks down -- IT’S THE JAR  WITH HER DREAM IN IT...  Zoey realizes what Mateo has given her. Looks at him...  her face a mess of emotions. She hugs him, fiercely.  Albert pulls Oz aside.  What the heck happened in there?  Albert my friend, let’s just say I’ve got  some research to do.  The gang all turns to see --  Something moving through the sand towards them, beginning  to take shape... finally rising up and forming like a  shimmering golem...  That, at long last, is the Sandman.  Back at the island’s edge, the Hunter emerges from the  fog, out of breath, damaged, and casting a scared look  behind him --  As THE WITCH and her WOLF are hot on his heels, barreling  forward... He’s in for a world of hurt but --  They come to a sudden stop at the DREAM RUNES carved in  the ground...  The Hunter laughs...  He shoots her one last smirk. Then retreats into the  fog... The Witch looks at her familiar and chuckles.  freeing me, dear...  Oz and the gang stand before the Sandman. He’s looking at  the broken hourglass through a jeweler’s eyepiece. The  Sandman speaks with a kindly old man’s voice. (Think  It’s pronounced “SAN-muhn.” Mr. SAN-muhn.  The gang trades a confused look.  Mateo watches Zoey step forward. A realization slamming  home.  Z Blob grunts his affection. She musters up her  courage... And hands over the jar with her dream in it.  The Sandman looks at it. Looks to her. Smiles kindly. 193 SANDMAN 193  Now... let’s see about fixing this  hourglass.  The gang all gathers around to watch as the Sandman opens  the jar. The ethereal contents begin to drift out into  the air and they all watch Zoey’s Dream...  As she scans the faces of her friends watching her mom  play the song, Zoey smiles.  But if we didn’t know better, we’d swear we heard the Old  Blind Lady’s laughter echo out...